<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>e14877ex10.txt
<DESCRIPTION>SALES AND DISTRIBUTIOIN AGREEMENT
<TEXT>
                                                                      Exhibit 10

                        SALES AND DISTRIBUTION AGREEMENT

                          (AMPLIGEN INFUSION - CANADA)

THIS AGREEMENT  (this  "Agreement")  is made effective as of December 15th, 1999
(the "Effective Date"), by and between

            HEMISPHERX BIOPHARMA, INC.,
            a Pennsylvania corporation,

            having is principal place of business at
            1617 JFK Boulevard
            Philadelphia, Pennsylvania 19103 USA

                           ("Hemispherx")
            - and -

            BIOVAIL LABORATORIES INCORPORATED,
            a Barbados corporation incorporated under the
            International Business Companies Act, 1991-24,
            whose head office is
            Chelston Park
            Building 2, Collymore Rock
            St Michael BH1
            Barbados, West Indies,

                           ("Biovail")

            (each a "Party" and collectively the "Parties").

WITNESSETH:

WHEREAS  Hemispherx  has  certain  rights  relating  to a  specially  configured
ribonucleic  acid which is being  developed  for  marketing  under the trademark
"Ampligen";

WHEREAS  Biovail is in the  business of  Marketing  pharmaceutical  products for
pharmaceutical and biopharmaceutical companies in Canada;

WHEREAS Biovail desires to Market the Product in Canada;

WHEREAS in  consideration  for Biovail's  commitment  to pay to  Hemispherx  the
payments specified in this Agreement, and to provide the resources as set out in
this  Agreement for the  development  and  Marketing of the Product,  Hemispherx
desires to grant to Biovail the exclusive  distributorship to Market the Product
in the Territory; and

Hemispherx - Biovail Distribution Agreement Page 1 of 38


<PAGE>

WHEREAS the Parties hereto desire to set forth the terms and conditions of such
Marketing;


NOW THEREFORE,  in  consideration of the premises and the covenants and promises
contained herein, and intending to be legally bound hereby, the Parties agree as
follows:

1. DEFINITIONS

1.01 For purposes of this Agreement, the following terms, when used with initial
capital letters, shall have the meaning set forth below. Other terms are defined
elsewhere  in this  Agreement  and those terms,  when used with initial  capital
letters,  shall also have the  defined  meanings  whenever  they  appear in this
Agreement.  As to the terms  defined  and used  herein,  the  singular  shall be
understood  to include the plural and  vice-versa,  unless the  context  clearly
indicates to the contrary.

1.02  "Acquisition  Price" means the average of the closing prices of Hemispherx
shares on the NASDAQ exchange during the 60 trading days  immediately  preceding
the Agreement Date, namely US $7.00.

1.03  "Adjusted  Share Value" means,  the total value of all  Hemispherx  common
shares  purchased  from  Hemispherx  by Biovail  pursuant to the  provisions  of
paragraphs  8.01 and 8.02,  calculated  using the average  closing  price on the
American Stock Exchange over the sixty trading (60) days  immediately  preceding
the date on which the Adjusted Share Value is to be calculated.

1.04 "Affiliate  means any corporation,  company,  firm,  partnership,  or other
entity which Controls, is Controlled by or is under common Control with a Party.
For the purposes of this  Agreement,  Intelligent  Polymers  Limited,  a Bermuda
corporation, shall be deemed to be an Affiliate of Biovail. Any entity that buys
all, or substantially  all, of the assets of Hemispherx,  including the Product,
shall be deemed to be an Affiliate of Hemispherx.

1.05  "Aggregate  Sales" means,  for any calendar  period,  the aggregate of the
amounts  invoiced by Biovail or by an Affiliate or Sub-Licensee for Product sold
to arm's length customers in the Territory (but excluding sales by Biovail to an
Affiliate or  Sub-Licensee  for resale to purchasers  and excluding the price of
Product samples sold by Biovail to an Affiliate or Sub-Licensee), net of:

      (a)   any discounts or rebates given or paid to customers;

      (b)   price adjustments to customers'  inventories to address market price
            declines;

      (c)   charge-backs or rebates  actually allowed and taken on such sales in
            such  amounts  as are  customary  in the trade and are  specifically
            related to the Products (excluding cash discounts, except for normal
            trade discounts for early payment of invoices);

      (d)   trade samples and other free goods given in lieu of discounts;

Hemispherx - Biovail Distribution Agreement Page 2 of 38

<PAGE>

      (e)   duties and taxes on any sale to the extent separately  identified in
            the invoice for the Product sold;

      (f)   transportation charges separately itemized;

      (g)   credits for product returns;

      (h)   other reasonable  discounts or rebates, or other allowances actually
            given by Biovail;

      (i)   third party  charges for storage  and  handling of the  Product,  or
            distribution  of the Product to  treatment  sites or to customers or
            patients;

      (j)   third  party  charges  for  the  administration  of the  Product  to
            patients  including  associated  treatment costs, or charges or fees
            for  the  administration  of  medical  or  administrative   services
            associated with the use of the Product.

1.06 "Agreement Date" means the date upon which the essential financial terms of
this Agreement were concluded, namely November 23, 1999.

1.07 "Approved  NDS" means the New Drug  Submission for the Product for which an
NOC is granted, and includes any approved supplements or amendments thereto.

1.08  "Biovail's  Distribution  Center"  means  Biovail's  facility in Steinbach
Manitoba,  in the Greater Toronto Area, Ontario, or in the greater Montreal area
in the Province of Quebec, as designated by Biovail.

1.09  "Ceiling  Price" means  maximum price as  established,  set,  regulated or
controlled by any provincial or federal  government in Canada,  or by any board,
agency of any such  government,  for which Biovail can lawfully sell the Product
in the Territory or in any province or other sub-division or sub-jurisdiction of
the Territory.

1.10 "CFS" means Chronic Fatigue Syndrome.

1.11  "Control"  means the  ability of any entity  (the  "Controlling"  entity),
directly or indirectly,  through ownership of securities, by agreement or by any
other method, to direct the manner in which more than fifty percent (50%) of the
outstanding voting rights of any other entity (the "Controlled" entity), whether
or not  represented by  securities,  shall be cast, or the right to receive over
fifty percent  (50%) of the profits or earnings of, or to otherwise  control the
management decisions of, such other entity (also a "Controlled" entity).

1.12 "Detail" means a face-to-face  meeting,  in an individual or group setting,
between a health care professional with prescribing authority and a professional
representative of Biovail during which a Product presentation of the key Product
attributes is verbally presented to such targeted

Hemispherx - Biovail Distribution Agreement Page 3 of 38

<PAGE>

prescribing  physician or other health care professional.  (When used as a verb,
"Detail" or "Detailing" shall mean to engage in a Detail.)

1.13 "Eligible  Patients" means for each  Indication,  the number of individuals
within the Territory  suffering from or afflicted with that Indication,  as most
recently determined, estimated or reported by:

      (a)   an appropriate  agency of the Government of Canada, the World Health
            Organization  or any  comparable or successor  organization,  or any
            peer-reviewed  article in a reputable  medical  journal,  or if such
            data or information for the Territory is not available, then by

      (b)   pro-rating  the number of  individuals  suffering  from or afflicted
            with  that  indication  in the  United  States of  America,  as most
            recently  reported  by the Center for  Disease  Control in  Atlanta,
            Georgia,  by the ratio of the general population of the Territory to
            the general population of the U.S.A.

1.14 "Floor Price" means:

      (a)   with respect to the 400 mg strength of a Unit of the Product,  sixty
            dollars (US) (USD$60.00); and

      (b)   with respect to any other strength of a Unit of the Product, a price
            that is  obtained  by  multiplying  the  Floor  Price for the 400 mg
            strength Unit of the Product by the ratio of that other  strength to
            400 mg. strength Unit of the Product.

1.15 "Food and Drugs Act" means the Canadian Food and Drugs Act (R.S.C. 1985,
Chap. F-27), or any successor act, as the same may be amended from time to time,
and the regulations promulgated thereunder.

1.16 "FTC" means the United States Federal Trade Commission.

1.17 "INDS" means an Investigational New Drug Submission filed with the TPP.

1.18 "Indication"  means any indication for which a Notice of Compliance for the
Product has been issued.

1.19  "Invested  Costs" means the total amount spent by Biovail,  including both
external  and  internal,  direct and  indirect,  expenses  and costs,  including
without  limitation all regulatory,  marketing,  advertising,  promotional,  and
continuing  health education costs,  field force time, and field force expenses,
required  to obtain the NOC for the  Product  and to Market  the  Product in the
Territory, from the Effective Date to the 5th anniversary of the Product Launch,
provided that such  expenditures  by Biovail are  reasonable  and  appropriately
allocated in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles.

Hemispherx - Biovail Distribution Agreement Page 4 of 38

<PAGE>

1.20 "Market" means to register, promote,  distribute,  market, advertise and/or
sell, and Marketing shall have a corresponding meaning.

1.21 "Market Penetration Ratio" means, for any calendar year, the ratio obtained
by dividing:

      (a)   the number of Treated Patients in that calendar year; by

      (b)   the  aggregate of the Target  Patients for each  Indication  in that
            calendar year.

1.22 "Marketing Costs" means:

      (a)   all of the out-of-pocket  expenses reasonably incurred by Biovail in
            applying for and securing an NOC for the Product including all costs
            of preparing and  prosecuting the INDS and the NDS, and the costs of
            consultants and advisors used in their  preparation and prosecution;
            and

      (b)   all out of pocket expenses incurred by Biovail in the pre-marketing,
            marketing  and   advertising   of  the  Product  during  the  period
            commencing on the Effective Date,  including without  limitation the
            costs of medical  meetings,  opinion leader programs and educational
            programs.

1.23 "Marketing Obligations" means the obligations of Biovail under Article 5 of
this Agreement.

1.24 "NDA" means a New Drug  Application  filed with the FDA seeking approval to
market the Product in the USA.

1.25 "NDS" means a New Drug  Submission  filed with the TPP,  and  includes  any
amendments made to that submission  either before or after the issue of a Notice
of Compliance.

1.26 "Net Selling Price" means,  for any calendar  period,  the Aggregate  Sales
divided  by the  number of Units of the  Product  invoiced  by  Biovail or by an
Affiliate or Sub-Licensee during the same period.

1.27 "Notice of  Compliance"  means the approval that may be issued by TPP under
the Food and Drugs Act permitting the Marketing of the Product in the Territory,
and NOC has the same meaning.

1.28 "Optioned Products" means:

      (a)   the RNase L Diagnostic Test; and

      (b)   an oral dosage form,  or any other  strength,  of the Product.

1.29 "Party" means each of Hemispherx and Biovail.

Hemispherx - Biovail Distribution Agreement Page 5 of 38

<PAGE>

1.30  "Patents"  means the patents,  patent  applications  and the patent rights
listed in Schedule 1.30 hereto,  including any  continuations,  continuations in
part, divisions,  patents of addition, reissues, renewals or extensions thereof,
and any other patents, patent applications or patent rights which Hemispherx may
acquire or under which Hemispherx may be licensed, relating to the Product.

1.31 "Product" means Poly I Poly C 12 U sold in the USA in association  with the
trade mark  Ampligen  in all forms in which it is or may be  approved in Canada,
including both lyophilized and liquid forms.

1.32 "Product Launch" means the date of the first commercial shipment of Product
to an arm's length customer in the Territory.

1.33 "RNase L Diagnostic  Tool" means any diagnostic test or method patented by,
proprietary  to or  licensed  to  Hemispherx  and  useful  in the  detection  or
diagnosis of CFS.

1.34 "Target Net Sales"  means the product  obtained by  multiplying  the Target
Patients by the Treatment Dosing by the Net Selling Price of the Product.

1.35 "Territory" means Canada.

1.36 "Transfer Price" means, for any strength of the Product and in any calendar
year,  the  greater of the Floor  Price for that  strength  of the  Product  (in
packaged,  final dosage form) and thirty per cent (30%) of Biovail's anticipated
selling price for the Product in that calendar year, which  anticipated  selling
price shall be:

      (a)   for the first calendar year or portion  thereof in which the Product
            is Marketed in the  Territory,  Biovail's  bona fide estimate of its
            net selling price for the Product; and

      (b)   for each  subsequent  calendar year,  Biovail's  average net selling
            price for the  Product in the  Territory  in the  previous  calendar
            year.

1.37  "TPP"  means the  Therapeutic  Products  Program  of Health  Canada or any
successor agency having the administrative  authority to regulate or approve the
testing or marketing of human pharmaceutical or biological  therapeutic products
in Canada.

1.38 "Trademark" means the trademark Ampligen.

1.39 "Treated  Patients"  means,  for any calendar  year, the number of patients
obtained by dividing the number of Units of the Product invoiced by Biovail,  or
by an Affiliate or  Sub-Licensee  of Biovail  during that  calendar  year by the
Treatment Dosing.

1.40 "Treatment  Dosing" shall mean for any Indication,  52 Units of the Product
per patient, unless otherwise agreed.

Hemispherx - Biovail Distribution Agreement Page 6 of 38

<PAGE>

1.41 "Target  Penetration  Rate" means, for each full calendar year and for each
Indication,  the  percentage  set  out in  Schedule  1.41  corresponding  to the
applicable  full calendar year following the issue of a Notice of Compliance for
that Indication.

1.42 "Target  Patients"  means in any  calendar  year,  the product  obtained by
multiplying the number of Eligible Patients for that Indication in that calendar
year by the Target Penetration Rate for that Indication for that calendar year.

1.43 "Unit"  means a single dose of the Product in any strength for which an NOC
has been issued.

2. GRANT OF EXCLUSIVE DISTRIBUTORSHIP

2.01 Subject to the terms of this Agreement, Hemispherx hereby grants to Biovail
the exclusive right to Market the Product in its lyophilized and liquid forms in
the Territory during the term of this Agreement,  for use in all indications for
which an NOC for the  Product  in such forms has been  granted by the  Effective
Date or which may be granted during the Term of the Agreement by the TPP.

2.02 Hemispherx  warrants that it has the right to enter into this Agreement and
to grant to Biovail the rights granted by this  Agreement.  Hemispherx  warrants
that no other person has any right to Market the Product in the  Territory,  and
the Hemispherx  shall not authorize,  permit or allow any other Person to Market
the Product in the Territory.

2.03 Hemispherx  shall sell any Product  intended for Marketing in the Territory
only to Biovail,  and Biovail  shall  purchase the Product for  Marketing in the
Territory  only from  Hemispherx.  Subject only to the  provisions of paragraphs
13.06 and 13.07 below, Hemispherx shall not sell the Product to any other person
for Marketing in the Territory during the term of this Agreement.

      Assignment and Sub-Contracting

2.04 Biovail may assign or sub-license  any of its rights and obligations to any
Affiliate(s),  or  sub-contract  any of its  rights and  obligations  under this
Agreement to any qualified third party, but Biovail shall not be relieved of its
obligations  under this Agreement by doing so.  Satisfactory  compliance by such
Affiliate or third party with the  obligations  of Biovail shall be deemed to be
satisfactory compliance by Biovail.

      Other Rights of Biovail

2.05 If at any time after the Effective Date Hemispherx or any Affiliate of
Hemispherx:

      (a) Files a New Drug Submission for an Optioned Product, or

      (b) receives a Notice of Compliance for an Optioned Product; or

Hernispherx - Biovail Distribution Agreement Page 7 of 38

<PAGE>

      (c)   wishes  to  Market  or  authorize  some  other  person  to Market an
            Optioned Product in the Territory

2.06  Hemispherx  shall deliver to Biovail a notice to negotiate with respect to
that Optioned Product.

2.07  Biovail may within  sixty (60) days of receipt of the notice to  negotiate
referred to in paragraph 2.05 advise Hemispherx of the terms under which Biovail
would Market that  Optioned  Product in the  Territory.  Biovail and  Hemispherx
shall during the sixty (60) days  following  the delivery of those terms conduct
good faith  negotiations  for the granting to Biovail of the exclusive  right to
Market that Optioned Product in the Territory.  Following the expiration of such
sixty (60) day period,  Hemispherx shall be free to Market the product itself or
to enter into licenses for the product in question with third parties,  provided
that the terms of such  licenses  finally  agreed upon are not  materially  less
favourable to Hemispherx than the terms previously offered by Biovail during the
course of negotiations with Hemispherx.

2.08 Hemispherx shall not enter into any license with any third parties relating
to any Optioned Product:

      (a)   during any period of time in which  Hemispherx has the obligation to
            deliver a notice to negotiate in respect of that Optioned Product.

      (b)   within one sixty (60) days after the  delivery  by  Hemispherx  of a
            notice to negotiate; or

      (c)   during any period of time during which Hemispherx has the obligation
            to conduct good faith negotiations with Biovail.

2.09 If  Hemispherx at any time proposes to enter into licenses with one or more
third  parties for a Optioned  Product,  Hemispherx  shall provide to Biovail at
least ten (10) days in advance of executing  the  agreement(s)  a summary of the
terms for the  proposed  license(s).  If Biovail  acting in good faith wishes to
assert that Biovail's own proposal for that Optioned Product was more favourable
to Hemispherx  than the terms  proposed for the license with such third parties,
Biovail  shall so notify  Hemispherx  within that ten (10) day  period,  and the
parties shall  mutually  agree upon the  appointment  of an expert to assess the
offers made by Biovail and the third party,  who shall  evaluate the offers made
by Biovail and the third  party,  and who shall  determine  whether the proposal
from the third party is more  favourable  to  Hemispherx  than the offer made by
Biovail.

Hemispherx - Biovail Distribution Agreement Page 8 of 38

<PAGE>

3. MANUFACTURE AND SUPPLY OF THE PRODUCT

      Supply of Product

3.01 Hemispherx shall supply all quantities of the Product  reasonably  required
by Biovail for Marketing in the  Territory,  in final packaged and labeled form,
and in accordance with the provisions of this Agreement.

3.02  Hemispherx  shall at all times use diligent  efforts to satisfy  Biovail's
requirements  for and to fill  all  Biovail's  orders  for  the  Product  in the
Territory.  In the event of any temporary  shortfall in the  availability of the
Product,   Hemispherx's   available   supply  of  Product   shall  be  allocated
proportionately  according to the sales of the Product in the  Territory  and in
the United States of America during the most recently ended six month period.

3.03 To the extent  that the supply by  Hemispherx  of the Product to Biovail is
insufficient  to meet all orders  received  by Biovail  for the  Product for any
period of six months or more, for purposes of paragraphs 13.06 and 13.07 of this
Agreement, the Parties shall negotiate in good faith an appropriate reduction in
the Market  Penetration  requirements  of  paragraph  7.06 and in the  Marketing
Obligations for the relevant time period.

      Product Quality

3.04  Hemispherx  warrants that upon delivery of Product in accordance with this
Agreement, Biovail shall have good title to the Product and that the Product:

      (a)   shall have been manufactured,  stored and shipped in accordance with
            all applicable good  manufacturing  practices,  all other applicable
            laws, rules,  regulations and regulatory requirements in the country
            of  manufacture  and in the  Territory,  and  shall  conform  to the
            specifications set forth in the Approved NDS;

      (b)   shall not be  adulterated  or  misbranded  as provided for under any
            applicable  law,  order or  regulation  in effect in the  country of
            manufacture and the Territory;

      (c)   shall have a shelf life of at least twenty-four (24) months from the
            date of shipping to Biovail;

      (d)   shall be labeled,  packaged and shipped in accordance with labeling,
            packaging and shipping standards mutually agreed upon by the parties
            and  in  accordance   with  all   applicable   laws  and  regulatory
            requirements  in the  Territory;  provided  that  where  Biovail  is
            responsible  under the terms of this  Agreement  for  obtaining  the
            Notice of Compliance, any requirements for

Hemispherx - Biovail Distribution Agreement Page 9 of 38

<PAGE>

            labeling and packaging of the Product specified in such approvals,
            and the necessary artwork, have been fully communicated to
            Hemispherx; and

      (e)   shall comply in all  respects  with the Approved NDS and the product
            monograph for the Product.

      Inspection and Right of Return of Product.

3.05  Hemispherx  shall  provide to Biovail  within  thirty  (30) days after the
Effective Date all of the technical data and methodologies necessary for Biovail
to perform any finished product quality control testing that Biovail may wish to
conduct on the Product.

3.06  Hemispherx  shall make any  arrangements  necessary for the  conducting of
finished  product  quality  control  testing  within  sixty  (60) days after the
Effective Date.  Hemispherx  shall conduct or shall have  conducted,  at its own
expense, all tests required by the Approved NDS for the Product to determine the
compliance  of the  Product  with the  requirements  of  paragraph  3.04 of this
Agreement  and with the Approved  NDS, and shall provide the results of all such
testing to Biovail.

3.07 Biovail may conduct, but shall not be obliged to conduct,  such tests as it
deems necessary to determine the compliance of the Product with the requirements
of the Approved NDS and this  Agreement.  Biovail may notify  Hemispherx  within
thirty  (30) days of its actual  receipt of each  shipment of the Product of any
non-compliance  of the Product with the  requirements  of paragraph 3.04 of this
Agreement revealed by such testing.  If no notice of non-compliance is delivered
to Hemispherx within such thirty (30) day period, the Product so delivered shall
be deemed to comply with paragraph 3.04 of this Agreement.

3.08 The  provisions of paragraph 3.07 do not apply to any  deficiencies  in the
Product that could not  reasonably  be detected  through the diligent use of the
quality control testing required by the Approved NDS, within thirty (30) days of
actual  receipt of the  Product by Biovail (a "latent  defect").  Biovail  shall
notify  Hemispherx of any such  deficiencies  within thirty (30) days after they
become known to Biovail.

3.09 Within  thirty (30) days after  receipt of any notice  delivered by Biovail
pursuant to paragraphs 3.07 or 3.08,  Hemispherx and Biovail shall confer on the
matter, and Hemispherx shall notify Biovail as to whether or not it concurs with
Biovail's  determination.  If Hemispherx  concurs with Biovail's  determination,
Biovail shall, at Hemispherx's request and expense,  return the rejected Product
to  Hemispherx,  and Biovail shall not be  responsible  to pay to Hemispherx the
Supply Price for such Product.

3.10 If Hemispherx  disagrees with Biovail's  determination under paragraph 3.09
the matter shall be determined by arbitration in accordance with paragraph 16.13
of this  Agreement.  If the  arbitrator  concurs with  Biovail's  determination,
Biovail shall, at Hemispherx's request and expense,  return the rejected Product
to Hemispherx  and Biovail  shall not be  responsible  to pay to Hemispherx  the
Supply  Price for such  Product.  If the  arbitrator  concurs  with  Hemispherx,
Biovail shall be

Hemispherx - Biovail Distribution Agreement Page 10 of 38

<PAGE>

responsible  to pay to  Hemispherx  the  Transfer  Price  for  the  Product,  in
accordance with the provisions of this Agreement.

3.11 If  Biovail  does not  provide  a notice  of  non-conformance  pursuant  to
paragraphs 3.07 or 3.08 within thirty (30) days of receipt of shipment,  Biovail
shall be responsible for maintaining such inventory and shall be required to pay
to Hemispherx the Supply Price for any Product which becomes  spoiled,  damaged,
or out of date  ("Unsaleable").  Except  as set forth in this  paragraph  and in
paragraph 3.04, Hemispherx shall have no obligation to Biovail for breach of any
of the  warranties  as to the quality of any Product  determined to be defective
under paragraphs 3.06, 3.08 or 3.09.

3.12 Biovail may, on notice to Hemispherx and at Biovail's sole expense, conduct
audits  of any  manufacturing  facility  at  which  the  Product  or any  active
ingredients,  or any intermediates for the Product or any active ingredients are
manufactured  and the  manufacturing  records  relating to the production of the
Product at any site(s) at which the Product is manufactured.

4. TECHNICAL AND CLINICAL SUPPORT

4.01  Hemispherx  shall  provide to Biovail,  within  thirty (30) days after the
Effective  Date and  during the Term of the  Agreement  as  additional  data and
information becomes available,

      (a)   all data and  results,  including  raw data,  CRFs and full  reports
            relating  to any Phase I,  Phase II,  Phase III and Phase IV studies
            performed with Ampligen by or on behalf of Hemispherx  either before
            or following the Effective Date;

      (b)   all pre-cliical  data,  including all animal  toxicology  studies as
            well as all  manufacturing  and quality  control data for the active
            ingredient and the final dosage forms;

      (c)   a copy of the EC application for Regulatory Approval; and

      (d)   any data or information  relating to any change in the manufacturing
            site, process of manufacture,  or testing  procedures,  and all data
            and  information  reasonably  required  to enable  Biovail to file a
            supplementary  new drug  submission,  if  required  by law or deemed
            necessary by Biovail.

4.02  Hemispherx  shall,  at the  request  of, and on  reasonable  notice  from,
Biovail,  provide training  regarding the proper  administration  of Ampligen to
patients  to  employees,  consultants  and  sub-contractors  of  Biovail  or any
Affiliate of Biovail, at such locations as Biovail may specify.

4.03 Biovail shall  provide to  Hemispherx  during the Term of the Agreement all
data and results,  including  raw data,  CRFs and full  reports  relating to any
Phase I, Phase II, Phase III and Phase IV studies conducted by or for Biovail on
the Product following the Effective Date.

Hemispherx - Biovail Distribution Agreement Page 11 of 38

<PAGE>

5. MARKETING OF THE PRODUCT

      Product Manager

5.01 Within sixty (60) days after the  Effective  Date,  Biovail shall appoint a
Product  Manager  experienced  in the  marketing of  pharmaceutical  products in
Canada  as  the  person  primarily  responsible  for  the  co-ordination  of the
Marketing of the Product in Canada. The Product Manager shall be responsible for
dealing on a day to day basis with the personnel of Hemispherx  responsible  for
the Product.  Biovail may, at any time by written notice to Hemispherx,  replace
that Product Manager without the consent of Hemispherx.  The Product Manager may
from time to time and in the sole discretion of Biovail delegate certain aspects
of his/her responsibilities to other employees of Biovail.

      Canadian Pre-marketing Studies

5.02 Biovail  shall use its  commercially  reasonable  best efforts to enlist at
least 10  physicians  to  assist in  conducting  pre-marketing  studies  for the
Canadian  Emergency  Release  ("ER")  program.  Biovail  shall  encourage  those
physicians to enroll a total of at least 40 patients  suffering  from CFS in the
Canadian  ER  program  within  12  months  after  the date  that all  regulatory
requirements for the Canadian ER program have been fulfilled.

      Biovail's Marketing Obligations

5.03 Biovail shall introduce the Product within ninety (90) days after the issue
of an NOC for the  Product,  subject to receipt of  commercial  supplies  of the
Product from Hemispherx.

5.04 Biovail  shall use  diligent  efforts,  and shall  devote to Marketing  the
Product such  resources  as are  necessary to create a Market for the Product in
the  Territory,  including  such  Marketing,  Detailing  and  continuing  health
education  programs  relating  to  the  Product.   Biovail  shall  conduct  such
additional  activities as presentations at scientific and medical meetings using
promotional  materials,  and other personal and  non-personal  efforts.  Biovail
shall  organize  regular  symposia or scientific  meetings,  directed at opinion
leaders in all  metropolitan  areas with the  frequency  required  to keep these
opinion  leaders  informed  about new research  data  generated  relating to the
Product.

5.05 Subject only to the provisions of this Agreement, Biovail shall control and
be responsible  for the  distribution  and sale of the Product in the Territory.
Biovail  shall  be  responsible  for  the  day-to-day  Marketing  decisions  and
activities  including,  without  limitation,  developing  and  implementing  the
Marketing  plans for the Product and  developing and  implementing  the tactical
plans for all advertising, educational, sales and promotional programs.

5.06 Biovail shall have the sole right and  responsibility  for establishing and
modifying:

      (a) the selling price of the Product in the Territory;

Hemispherx - Biovail Distribution Agreement Page 12 of 38

<PAGE>

      (b)   any terms and conditions relating to or affecting the price at which
            the Product shall be sold;

      (c)   any discount attributable to payments for the Product;

      (d)   any terms on which credit may be granted or revised, and the billing
            and collection of accounts receivable relating to the Product.

5.07 Biovail shall consult with Hemispherx before offering any special or out of
the ordinary discount on the Product.

5.08  Biovail  shall,  on a regular  basis,  Detail the  product to inter  alia,
specialists such as internists,  infectious disease  specialists,  immunologists
and  neurologists  in the  Territory  having a primary  interest  in CFS related
disorders and any other Indication(s).

5.09 Biovail shall during the first 5 years after the Effective Date collaborate
with patient  advocacy groups to gain the support of such in securing an NOC for
the  Product  and,  subsequently,  in  encouraging  use  of the  Product  in the
Territory.

      Marketing Expenses

5.10 During each calendar year  throughout the Term of this  Agreement,  Biovail
shall expend in the Marketing of the Product:

      (a)   in each of the first three calendars years after the Effective Date,
            at least 7.5% of the Target Net Sales for that calendar year; and

      (b)   in each  calendar  year  thereafter,  at least 5% of the  Target Net
            Sales for that calendar year.

      Training and Promotional Materials

5.11  Hemispherx  shall  during the Term of this  Agreement  make  available  to
Biovail  all  promotional,   advertising,  educational  and  training  materials
developed  by  Hemispherx  or its  Licensees  for use  with  the  Product  which
materials may be used by Biovail in developing  promotional materials for use in
the Territory.

5.12  Biovail  shall  during  the  Term  of this  Agreement  make  available  to
Hemispherx all  promotional,  advertising,  educational  and training  materials
developed  by Biovail for use with the Product  which  materials  may be used by
Hemispherx in developing promotional materials for use outside the Territory.

5.13 Biovail shall comply with all applicable laws and regulations governing the
sale, promotion and advertising of the Product in the Territory.

Hemispherx - Biovail Distribution Agreement Page 13 of 38

<PAGE>

      Hemispherx's Marketing Support Obligations

5.14 Hemispherx shall sponsor the attendance of Canadian medical opinion leaders
selected by Biovail to symposia and scientific  meetings organized by Hemispherx
in the USA at which the Product  will be  discussed,  provided  that the expense
incurred  by  Hemispherx  shall not  exceed  ten per cent  (10%) of the  expense
incurred by Hemispherx in sponsoring attendees from the U.S.A.

5.15  Hemispherx  shall keep Biovail  informed of all  Symposia  and  scientific
meetings organized by Hemispherx or its Licensees anywhere in the world.

5.16  Hemispherx  shall  reimburse to Biovail all  Marketing  Costs  incurred by
Biovail, up to a maximum of U.S. $500,000.

5.17 Biovail shall submit for payment to Hemispherx all invoices relating to the
actual  Marketing  Costs  incurred  by  Biovail,  and  which  are to be  paid by
Hemispherx in accordance  with this  Agreement,  as soon as reasonably  possible
after such invoices have been received by Biovail.

5.18  Hemispherx  shall at the  request of Biovail pay all such  invoices,  to a
maximum of five hundred thousand US Dollars (U.S.$500,000.00) within thirty (30)
days after delivery of the invoice to Hemispherx. Upon the reasonable request of
Hemispherx   the  Marketing   Costs  for  which  Biovail  seeks  or  has  sought
reimbursement  may be audited by or on behalf of Hemispherx  in accordance  with
the provisions of paragraph 8.12 of this Agreement.  No portion of the Marketing
Costs paid by Hemispherx  shall be refunded to Hemispherx or credited or debited
against any other  amount  payable by  Hemispherx  to Biovail,  or by Biovail to
Hemispherx, under this or any other Agreement. All expenses incurred in currency
other than US dollars  shall be invoiced by Biovail to Hemispherx in US Dollars,
converted by Biovail at the rate of exchange charged to Biovail by its principal
Canadian bank for the purchase of US dollars.

6. REGULATORY AFFAIRS

      Pre-NDS Review

6.01 Biovail shall, as soon as reasonably  possible before  conducting any tests
or studies that Biovail or Hemispherx may wish to conduct in the Territory,  and
at Biovail's own expense,  prepare and file any INDS that may be required before
those test and studies can be conducted.

6.02 Within thirty (30) days after the Effective  Date,  Biovail shall request a
pre-NDS  meeting with the TPP to review the data package  available at that date
for the Product and to assess its  suitability  and sufficiency for the purposes
of filing an NDS.  Hemispherx shall at the request of Biovail but at the expense
of Hemispherx send a qualified representative to attend that pre-NDS meeting and
to assist Biovail in the  presentation of information  related to the Product to
the TPP. In addition to that information, the TPP presentation shall address the
social-economic impact of CFS and shall include a pharmacoeconomic rationale for
the use of the Product.

Hemispherx - Biovail Distribution Agreement Page 14 of 38

<PAGE>

      The NDS

6.03  Hemispherx  shall  provide  to  Biovail  within  sixty (60) days after the
Effective Date, all technical  scientific  information  referred to in paragraph
4.01 then available to Hemispherx, and any other information and data reasonably
required to enable  Biovail to file an NDS for the Product in the  Territory for
the treatment of CFS, including:

      (a)   a letter of access  permitting the TPP to access any of Hemispherx's
            drug  master  files or plant  master  files  relating to the Product
            filed by or on behalf of Hemispherx for the purpose of reviewing the
            NDS; and

      (b)   a copy, in  electronic  form, of any NDA(s) filed by or on behalf of
            Hemispherx, and of any data included in any such NDA(s).

Biovail may use any of that  information  or data for the purpose of  preparing,
filing and prosecuting an NDS for the Product in the Territory.

6.04 Hemispherx shall file with the TPP, within sixty (60) days after Hemispherx
is notified by Biovail  that  Biovail is ready to file the NDS for the  Product,
any drug master files and plant master files  reasonably  required to support an
NDS for the Product.

6.05 Provided that Hemispherx has complied with its obligations under paragraphs
6.02, 6.03 and 6.04,  Biovail shall use all reasonable  efforts to file with the
TPP within six (6) months from the receipt of the relevant  documentation  to be
provided  by  Hemispherx,  an NDS for  the  Product.  Biovail  shall  be  solely
responsible  for all costs and  expenses  relating  to such  filing,  including,
without limitation, all taxes and applicable government fees.

      Other Indications

6.06  Hemispherx  shall  provide to Biovail from time to time during the Term of
this Agreement,  and within sixty (60) days after such data becomes available to
Hemispherx,  all  scientific  information  of the type  referred to in paragraph
4.01(a)  then  available  to  Hemispherx,  and any  other  information  and data
reasonably  required to enable  Biovail to file a supplement  to the NDS for the
Product in the Territory for any new  indication for which  Hemispherx  believes
that the Product may be used, including a letter of access permitting the TPP to
access any of  Hemispherx's  drug master files or plant master files relating to
the Product filed by or on behalf of Hemispherx for the purpose of reviewing the
NDS pursuant to the provisions of paragraph 5.3.

6.07 Provided that Hemispherx has complied with its obligations  under paragraph
6.06, and further provided that Biovail, acting reasonably, agrees that the data
provided by Hemispherx  is sufficient to enable  Biovail to file an NDS for that
new  indication,  Biovail shall use all reasonable  efforts to file with the TPP
within  three (3) months from the receipt of the  relevant  documentation  to be
provided by Hemispherx, an NDS for the Product for that new indication.  Biovail
shall be solely

Hemispherx - Biovail Distribution Agreement Page 15 of 38

<PAGE>

responsible  for all costs and  expenses  relating  to such  filing,  including,
without limitation, all taxes and applicable government fees.

      Dealings with the TPP and other Regulatory Bodies

6.08 Biovail shall be  responsible  for dealing with the TPP with respect to all
matters  relating to any NDS filed for the  Product,  manufacturing  compliance,
packaging,  labeling and quality  assurance  for the Product.  Biovail  shall be
responsible for all other  regulatory  filings relating to the Product with TPP,
including all ADE reporting and annual reporting.  All  communications  with the
TPP or any other drug  regulatory  authority  in the  Territory  relating to the
Product as Marketed in the Territory shall be confirmed by Biovail in writing to
Hemispherx, and Biovail shall provide to Hemispherx copies of all documents sent
to or  received  from the TPP and any other  drug  regulatory  authority  in the
Territory  regarding the Product.  Biovail shall consult with  Hemispherx on all
major  decisions  involving  the NDS for the  Product  and on all  responses  to
deficiency letters delivered by the TPP.

6.09  Hemispherx  shall  be  responsible  for  preparing  all  responses  to any
deficiency  letters from the TPP regarding that NDS and shall provide such draft
responses to Biovail for delivery to the TPP.  Biovail shall be responsible  for
communicating  with the TPP concerning  the Product and any  deficiency  letters
received concerning the NDS.

6.10 Biovail shall be responsible  for obtaining and maintaining the listings of
the Product on provincial,  hospital, government and private formularies,  where
applicable.  Hemispherx  shall  provide  to  Biovail  all  information  and data
required by Biovail to carry out its obligations under this paragraph.

6.11  Biovail  shall  be  responsible  for  responding  to  all  Product-related
inquiries, Product quality complaints, and ADE reports received from lay persons
and/or Health Care  professionals  from within the Territory.  Hemispherx  shall
provide to Biovail  copies of draft  responses to all  correspondence  and other
documents relating to any such inquiries, complaints or reports.

6.12 Each Party shall  obtain and  maintain,  at its own cost and  expense,  all
other licenses,  permits and authorizations  necessary to perform its respective
duties under this Agreement,  and shall cooperate with the other in applying for
and obtaining  any  governmental  approvals  necessary to implement the terms of
this Agreement.

6.13 Biovail  shall,  at its own expense,  apply for any  establishment  license
necessary to enable it to carry out its obligations under this Agreement.

Hemispherx - Biovail Distribution Agreement Page 16 of 38

<PAGE>

7. QUARTERLY FORECASTS AND ORDERS

      Forecasts

7.01 At least one hundred and twenty (120) days before the anticipated  grant of
a Notice of  Compliance  for the  Product,  and  within ten (10)  business  days
following the end of each calendar  quarter  thereafter  during the term of this
Agreement,  Biovail  shall  supply to  Hemispherx,  a twelve (12) month  rolling
forecast of Biovail's projected requirements for the Product in the Territory.

7.02 Within sixty (60) days of the later of:

      (a)   the receipt by  Hemispherx of the artwork that Biovail is to provide
            pursuant to paragraph 3.04(d), and

      (b)   Biovail's initial purchase order,

7.03 Hemispherx  shall supply to Biovail all quantities of the Product  required
for the Product Launch as specified in Biovail's initial purchase order.

7.04  Biovail  shall  deliver  subsequent  purchase  orders  for the  Product to
Hemispherx  no less than one hundred and twenty (120) days prior to the required
date of delivery.  Within ten (10) days of receipt of an order, Hemispherx shall
send to Biovail a written  confirmation of such order, at which point such order
shall be binding  upon Biovail and  Hemispherx.  Each order shall state the date
and location  where  delivery  shall be made.  Hemispherx  shall use  reasonable
efforts to ensure  dispatch to Biovail of the  requisite  quantity of Product to
fulfill such orders.  In the event that Biovail's  orders exceed such quantities
Hemispherx  shall use  reasonable  efforts,  as  prescribed  in Article 2.07, to
provide the full amount of Biovail's requested quantities of Product and to meet
Biovail's requested delivery dates.

7.05  All  Product  intended  for use in the ER  program  shall  be  shipped  by
Hemispherx,  prepaid, to such persons or locations as Biovail may specify in its
purchase order for the Product.

      Minimum Purchase Requirements

7.06  Provided that  Hemispherx  has complied  with its  obligations  under this
Agreement,  Biovail  shall,  in each calendar year  throughout  the Term of this
Agreement,  purchase  quantities of the Product  equivalent to those required to
achieve a Market Penetration Ratio at least 1.0.

8. PAYMENTS, RECORDS, REPORTS AND AUDITS

      Initial Investment

8.01  Upon  the  execution  of  this  Agreement,  Biovail  shall  purchase  from
Hemispherx,  and  Hemispherx  shall  sell  to  Biovail,  from  the  treasury  of
Hemispherx, the number of Hemispherx common shares determined in accordance with
this paragraph 8.01, for a price of two million, two

Hemispherx - Biovail Distribution Agreement Page 17 of 38

<PAGE>

hundred and fifty  thousand US dollars  (US$2,250,000).  For the purpose of this
Agreement,  the number of  Hemispherx  common  shares to be  acquired by Biovail
shall be determined by dividing U.S.$2 Million by the Acquisition Price.

8.02 Within thirty (30) days after the grant of an NOC for the Product,  Biovail
shall purchase from Hemispherx,  and Hemispherx shall sell to Biovail,  from the
treasury of  Hemispherx,  the number of Hemispherx  common shares  determined in
accordance with this paragraph  8.02, for a price of one million,  seven hundred
and  fifty  thousand  US  dollars  (US  $1,750,000).  For  the  purpose  of this
Agreement, the number of shares to be acquired by Biovail shall be determined by
dividing US$0.8 million by the average closing price of Hemispherx shares during
the 60 days  immediately  preceding  the  date of the  grant  of the NOC for the
Product.

      Supply Price

8.03 Hemispherx shall invoice Biovail,  for each shipment of Products ordered by
Biovail  using the Transfer  Price  applicable as of the date of shipment of the
order by Hemispherx. Biovail shall pay each such invoice within thirty (30) days
of the date of the invoice.

8.04 Biovail shall be responsible for the payment of any duties, levies or taxes
applied to the  importation  of the Product  into the  Territory by any relevant
Canadian tax authority(ies).

8.05 Subject only to the  provisions of paragraph  8.04,  the Transfer Price for
the Product is F.O.B. the Biovail  Distribution Center specified in the purchase
order.  Hemispherx shall determine the appropriate carrier to be used to deliver
the Product to the Biovail Distribution Center. Biovail shall be responsible for
all costs of shipping  the  Product  from a Biovail  Distribution  Center to its
customers.

8.06 Biovail shall provide to Hemispherx no later than thirty (30) days from the
end of each calendar quarter, sales reports for the previous quarter stating the
number of Units sold,  the  Aggregate  Sales,  and the Net Selling Price for the
Product as calculated by Biovail.

8.07  Biovail,  if required so to do by any  applicable  tax law, may deduct any
governmental  withholding  tax  required  to be deducted by it on payment of any
amounts  required by  paragraph  8.03,  but shall  account to the  relevant  tax
authorities  for the sum so deducted and provide  Hemispherx  with proof of such
payment from such authorities.  Biovail shall provide  reasonable  assistance to
Hemispherx  in securing any benefits  available  to  Hemispherx  with respect to
governmental tax withholdings by any relevant law or double tax treaty.

8.08  Within  thirty  (30) days of the end of each  calendar  year,  Biovail and
Hemispherx  shall  review  the  Aggregate  Sales and the Net  Selling  Prices of
Biovail  or its  Affiliates  for that  calendar  year,  and the  Transfer  Price
invoiced to Biovail by  Hemispherx  for the  Product  invoiced by Biovail or its
Affiliates  during that calendar year, and shall calculate the amount,  (if any)
in addition to the Transfer  Price that Biovail is obliged to pay to Hemispherx,
based on the actual Net Selling Price for the just ended calendar year,  using a
first-in, first-out method of allocating Transfer Prices to

Hemispherx - Biovail Distribution Agreement Page 18 of 38

<PAGE>

Products  invoiced  by  Biovail  or its  Affiliates,  and  having  regard to the
percentage  of Net  Selling  Price to be paid by Biovail as set out in  Schedule

8.08.  Any  overpayment  by  Biovail  shall be  credited  against  any unpaid or
subsequent  purchase orders, or repaid to Biovail at the option of Biovail.  Any
underpayment  by Biovail  shall be invoiced by Hemispherx to Biovail and paid by
Biovail by Hemispherx  within thirty (30) days of the  completion of the review.
Notwithstanding  the provisions of this paragraph,  no adjustment  shall be made
which would result in  Hemispherx  being paid,  for each strength of the Product
sold to Biovail, less than the Floor Price for that strength.

8.09 All sums due Hemispherx  under this  Agreement  shall be paid by Biovail to
Hernispherx  in  immediately  available  funds by wire transfer to the following
account or to such other account as Hemispherx may specify in writing.

      Books and Records

8.10  Biovail  shall  keep  books and  records  relating  to this  Agreement  in
accordance  with its usual  practices  and with  generally  accepted  accounting
principles consistently applied.  Biovail's books and records shall at a minimum
document the  quantities  of the Product  invoiced by Biovail in the  Territory,
prices  charged for the Product,  Aggregate  Sales of the  Product,  and Product
orders.  The  foregoing  books and records  shall be retained for at least three
years following the end of the applicable calendar year.

8.11 Within  thirty (30) days after the end of each  calendar  quarter,  Biovail
shall deliver to Hemispherx a report setting out the sales of the Product during
that quarter which shall include  gross sales,  Aggregate  Sales and Net Selling
Price (the "Quarterly Sales Reports").

8.12 If  Hemispherx  reasonably  requests,  Biovail  shall  allow  its books and
records  containing sales and Product order  information,  and its internal call
reporting  records,  to be  audited by an  independent  major  certified  public
accounting  firm selected by  Hemispherx,  and to whom Biovail has no reasonable
objection.  Such examinations  shall not take place more often than one time per
Agreement Year,  shall not cover  transactions for more than the preceding three
years,  and shall not cover  entries in books and records which were the subject
of a prior audit or which  predate  this  Agreement.  Such auditor must agree to
sign a confidentiality  agreement  undertaking that it shall not disclose to any
person,  including  Hemispherx,  any  information  obtained in the course of its
audit other than information relating solely to the accuracy of the sales, costs
incurred  by Biovail in meeting its  Marketing  Obligations,  and Product  order
information  provided by Biovail and the calculation of compensation  payable to
Hemispherx  hereunder.  Such audit shall be (a)  conducted  in  accordance  with
generally  accepted auditing  standards;  (b) limited to those books and records
described  in this Article 8; and (c)  undertaken  for the purposes of verifying
the accuracy of sales  information  provided by Biovail and the  calculation  of
compensation payable to Hemispherx  hereunder.  The auditor shall furnish a copy
of its report to each Party promptly after the completion of any such audit.

8.13 In the event any  examination  or audit of the  records  described  in this
Article 8 discloses an  underpayment  or  overpayment  of amounts due under this
Agreement, written notice of such fact,

Hemispherx - Biovail Distribution Agreement Page 19 of 38

<PAGE>

specifying  the  amount  and basis of the  underpayment  or  overpayment,  shall
promptly be furnished to both Parties by the firm who performed the  examination
or audit. The Party owing any moneys in connection  therewith shall promptly pay
such amount to the other  Party.  The costs of any audit  pursuant to  paragraph
8.12  shall be paid by  Hemispherx  unless  the  audit  discovers  that  Biovail
undercompensated Hemispherx by five percent (5%) or more in which case the costs
of the audit shall be borne by Biovail.

9. ADVERSE REACTIONS AND RECALLS

      Adverse Reaction Reporting and Product Complaints

9.01 Each of Biovail and Hemispherx  shall comply with (a) all adverse  reaction
reporting  systems  in  force in the  Territory,  and (b) the  adverse  reaction
reporting requirements of the TPP, and FDA, as applicable.

9.02  Biovail  shall  promptly  advise   Hemispherx  of  any  adverse   reaction
information  that comes to its attention.  Biovail shall submit adverse reaction
reports to the TPP and  provide a copy of all such  submissions  to  Hemispherx.
Biovail shall be solely responsible for compiling such adverse event information
and making any reports  required to the TPP.  Hemispherx shall notify Biovail of
all adverse  reaction  information  and reports  received by Hemispherx from its
licensees  outside  the  Territory  and  copies of all  correspondence  with any
regulatory authority concerning such reports.

9.03 Each of Hemispherx  and Biovail shall  immediately  notify the other of any
information  it receives  regarding any threatened or pending action by the FDA,
TPP or other regulatory agency which may affect the safety or efficacy claims of
the Product or the  continued  marketing of the Product in the  Territory.  Upon
receipt of any such  information,  Hemispherx  may  consult  with  Biovail in an
effort to arrive at a  mutually  acceptable  procedure  for  taking  appropriate
action;  provided,  however, that nothing contained herein shall be construed as
restricting the ability of Hemispherx or Biovail to make a timely report of such
matter to any  governmental  agency  or take  other  action  that it deems to be
appropriate or required by applicable law or regulation.  Each of Hemispherx and
Biovail shall provide such information regarding the Product to the other.

9.04  Each of the  Parties  shall  throughout  the  duration  of this  Agreement
maintain records and otherwise  establish  procedures to assure  compliance with
all regulatory,  professional,  and other legal  requirements which apply to the
promotion and marketing of the Product in the Territory.

      Recalls

9.05 Biovail shall notify Hemispherx  immediately of any recall or withdrawal of
the  Product  from  the  market  in  the  Territory  required  by  the  TPP.  At
Hemispherx's request, Biovail shall perform any recall required and shall obtain
and receive any Product that has been recalled.

9.06 In the event that either  Party  proposes to recall or withdraw the Product
from the market for health and safety reasons, the Party desiring such recall or
withdrawal shall notify the other Party

Hemispherx - Biovail Distribution Agreement Page 20 of 38

<PAGE>

immediately.  Both Parties  shall then meet and discuss such  proposal  with the
final decision to be made by Biovail.

9.07 In the event that any batches or  shipments of the Product are subject to a
recall,  Hemispherx shall,  subject to the provisions of paragraph 9.05, conduct
the recall  and shall  bear the cost and  expense  of any  recall,  except  that
Biovail  shall bear the cost and expense of any recall shown to have required as
the  result of any breach by  Biovail  of this  Agreement.  If the recall is not
attributable  to the fault of one Party  only,  the cost of the recall  shall be
shared equally by the Parties.

10. INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY

      Ownership of Intellectual Property

10.01  Hemispherx or its Affiliates shall have and retain ownership of and title
to all  trademarks,  patents  and  other  intellectual  property  rights  in the
Product,   including   without   limitation  all  inventions,   discoveries  and
improvements and other  intellectual  property relating to the Product which are
made,  conceived,  reduced to  practice  or  generated  by the  Parties or their
respective Affiliates,  including employees, agents and other representatives or
contractors,  in the course of work performed  under this  Agreement  and/or any
other agreements  between the Parties relating to the Product.  Hemispherx shall
own the trademark Ampligen in the Territory.

      Patent and Trademark

10.02  Hemispherx or its Affiliates  shall have the exclusive  right to prepare,
file,  prosecute  and  maintain  at its or their  own  expense  all  patent  and
trademark  applications and patents and trademarks relating to the Product,  and
shall use  reasonable  efforts to file such  applications  as may be required to
protect the intellectual  property associated with the Product in the Territory.
Biovail shall  provide  reasonable  assistance  to Hemispherx to facilitate  the
filing and maintenance of all such patent and trademark applications and patents
and trademarks, and shall execute all documents which Hemispherx deems necessary
or desirable therefor.

      Retention of Certain Rights

10.03 Subject to paragraph 10.02 above, each Party shall retain ownership of all
intellectual property rights in its own trademarks, logos and other intellectual
property  used in the  Marketing  of the Product and to the extent  necessary to
permit the other  Party to  lawfully  fulfill  its  obligations  in  relation to
Marketing the Product in the Territory  pursuant to the terms of this Agreement,
hereby  grants  to the  other  Party  a  gratuitous,  royalty-free  license  (or
sublicense,  as the case may be) to use such intellectual  property for the sole
purpose of so Marketing  the Product in the  Territory  pursuant to the terms of
this Agreement.

Hemispherx - Biovail Distribution Agreement Page 21 of 38

<PAGE>

      Infringement by Third Parties

10.04 Each Party shall promptly  notify the other following the discovery of any
infringement  or  unauthorized  use of the other Party's  intellectual  property
rights  used in the  promotion  of the  Product.  The  Party  whose  rights  are
infringed shall  determine  within sixty (60) days following such notice whether
to prosecute the alleged  infringement  and whether to enforce its  intellectual
property  rights  against the alleged  infringer.  If the Party whose rights are
infringed  determines to prosecute the  infringement,  that Party shall bear the
costs and  expenses  of the  prosecution.  Should  the Party  whose  rights  are
infringed fail to determine whether to prosecute within the sixty day period set
forth  above,  or  determine  not to  initiate  any action  against  the alleged
infringer,  the other Party shall have the right to initiate  such action at its
own  expense,  and in the name of the  other  Party in  advisable.  In the event
either Party brings an action pursuant to this paragraph  10.04, the other Party
shall provide the Party bringing such action with  reasonable  assistance at the
prosecuting  Party's  expense.  Any recovery from any such action shall first be
applied in  satisfaction  of expenses and legal fees  incurred by the Parties in
connection  with the action,  and any balance  remaining  from any such recovery
shall be divided  between the Parties pro rata according to the losses  incurred
by the Parties by reason of the infringement that was the subject of the action.

      Claims of Infringement

10.05 Either  Party shall notify the other  promptly in the event of the receipt
of notice of any action, suit or claim alleging infringement of any intellectual
property  rights  held by a third  party.  Defense of all such  claims  shall be
subject to Article 12.

10.06 If Hemispherx,  Biovail or any of their respective Affiliates or customers
shall be sued by a third party for infringement of a patent, or a claim shall be
made of infringement of a patent because of the manufacture,  use or sale of the
Product,  or any  regulatory  or other  action is  initiated by a third party to
delay or affect the sale of the  Product,  then the Party which has been sued or
becomes aware of such a suit or regulatory or other action shall promptly notify
the other  Party in writing of the  institution  of such suit or  regulatory  or
other action.  Hemispherx shall defend at its own expense, and have control over
any such litigation or suit. Biovail shall have the right to participate in such
suit or action at its own  expense.  If  Hemispherx  fails to defend  any action
relating  to or arising  from the  Marketing  of the  Product  in the  Territory
promptly  and  diligently,  Biovail  may  defend  such  action  in the  name  of
Hemispherx if necessary, subject to Hemispherx's unqualified right to assume the
defense and control of any such suit or action at its own expense.

10.07  Either  Hemispherx  or  Biovail  may  at  its  own  expense  conduct  all
negotiations  for the  settlement of any claim in respect of which it has agreed
to indemnify the other,  and the defense and settlement of any  litigation  that
may arise  therefrom,  but shall not at any time make any  admission or take any
steps which might be prejudicial to the settlement or successful  defense by the
other of any claim unless and until the other has been notified of the claim and
has stated its intention not to negotiate or defend the claim.  Hemispherx shall
not settle or compromise any claim in any manner

Hemispherx - Biovail Distribution Agreement Page 22 of 38

<PAGE>

that impedes or affects  Biovail's ability or right to Market the Product in the
Territory without the consent of Biovail.

      No Implied License

10.08 Except as specifically provided herein,  nothing in the Agreement does, or
is  intended  to, or shall be  construed  to create,  confer,  give effect to or
otherwise  imply in Biovail or anyone  claiming  through  Biovail  any  license,
right, or property interest in the Product,  the Patents, the Trade Mark, or any
trade secrets, know how or property relating to the Product.

11. CONFIDENTIALITY

11.01   "Confidential   Information"   means  any  confidential  or  proprietary
information,   knowledge,   intellectual  property,  pre-clinical  and  clinical
information  or data,  technical  and/or  non-technical  material  or  property,
relating to the Product,  its Manufacture,  or Marketing  delivered by one Party
("Supplier") to the other Party ("Recipient").

11.02  Recipient  will employ the same  degree of care to keep all  Confidential
Information  confidential  as it employs with respect to its own  information of
like importance, and will not disclose any Confidential Information to any third
party,  except to consultants and employees of themselves or Affiliates who need
or are  entitled  to know such  Confidential  Information  for the  purposes  of
carrying out the object of this  Agreement,  and who are under an  obligation to
keep that  information  confidential,  or except as required for the purposes of
the New Drug  Submission or any amendments  thereto.  Biovail shall not disclose
any  information  or data provided to Biovail by Hemispherx  for the purposes of
preparing  the CMC Section of an NDS to any persons  other than  consultants  or
employees who are  responsible for preparing or submitting that NDS and who need
to know that information or data.  Biovail shall maintain a written list of such
employees  and  consultants.  Confidential  Information  may be disclosed to any
person  referred to in paragraph  2.04,  provided  that the  disclosure  of such
Confidential   Information   is  governed   by  the  terms  of  an   appropriate
confidentiality agreement.

11.03 All Confidential  Information shall remain the property of Supplier.  Upon
the  written  request  of  Supplier  upon  termination  or  expiration  of  this
Agreement,   all  tangible  Confidential   Information  received  from  Supplier
(including  all copies  thereof  and  samples)  shall be  promptly  returned  to
Supplier;  provided  that  Recipient  may provide one (1) copy of such  tangible
Confidential  Information  to its  General  Counsel to be  retained  in a secure
location for purposes of identifying its obligations under this Agreement.

11.04 The obligations of  confidentiality  and non-use set forth in this Article
11 of  this  Agreement  shall  not  apply  to any  portion  of the  Confidential
Information that:

(a)   is or becomes  public or available to the general  public  otherwise  than
      through the act or default of Recipient or any Authorized Third Party; or

Hemispherx - Biovail Distribution Agreement Page 23 of 38

<PAGE>

      (b)   is  obtained  by  Recipient  from a third  party who is  lawfully in
            possession of such Confidential Information and is not subject to an
            obligation to Supplier of confidentiality or non-use; or

      (c)   is previously known to Recipient prior to disclosure to Recipient by
            Supplier; or

      (d)   is  furnished  to  others  by  Supplier   without   restrictions  on
            confidentiality  and  non-use  similar  to those  contained  in this
            Agreement; or

      (e)   is acquired,  independently  developed,  discovered or arrived at by
            the party  possessing  the  information,  or which is  independently
            developed, discovered or arrived at by the Recipient, without use of
            the Confidential Information received from Hemispherx; or

      (f)   is used by Hemispherx or Biovail in the Marketing of the Product.

11.05 In the event that either Party is  requested  or required (by  deposition,
interrogatories,  requests for  information  or documents in legal  proceedings,
subpoena,  civil investigative  demand or other similar process) to disclose any
of the  Confidential  Information  of the  other  Party,  the Party to whom such
request or requirement  applies (the  "Mandated  Party") shall provide the other
Party (the "Protected  Party") with prompt written notice of any such request or
requirement  so that  Protected  Party  may  seek a  protective  order  or other
appropriate   remedy  and/or  waive  compliance  with  the  provisions  of  this
Confidentiality  Agreement.  If, in the absence of a  protective  order or other
remedy or the receipt of a waiver by Protected  Party, the Mandated Party or its
representatives  are  nonetheless,  in the  opinion  of their  counsel,  legally
compelled  to disclose  Confidential  Information  to any tribunal or else stand
liable for contempt or suffer other censure or penalty,  the Mandated Party may,
without liability hereunder,  disclose to such tribunal only that portion of the
Confidential  Information  which such  counsel  advises  the  Mandated  Party is
legally  required to be disclosed,  provided that Mandated  Party  exercises its
Commercially   Reasonable  Efforts  to  preserve  the   confidentiality  of  the
Confidential  Information  and  provides  to the  Protected  Party a copy of any
written opinion relied on.

11.06  Nothing in this  Agreement  shall be  construed as giving  Recipient  any
right, title, interest in or ownership of the Confidential Information.

11.07 The provisions of this Article 11 shall survive any  termination or expiry
of this Agreement.

12. INDEMNIFICATION

12.01  Hemispherx,  together with its successors  and assigns,  hereby agrees to
indemnify and hold Biovail harmless from and against all losses,  costs, claims,
actions,  liabilities,  including  liability for death or personal  injury,  and
expenses  (including  reasonable  attorneys'  fees),  incurred by Biovail  which
result from or arise in connection with

Hemispherx - Biovail Distribution Agreement Page 24 of 38

<PAGE>

      (a)   the breach of any representation, covenant or warranty of Hemispherx
            contained in this Agreement;

      (b)   any  product  liability  claim  relating  to the  Product  including
            without limitation,  any claim based upon any use of Product, or any
            defect in the Product that was manufactured  by, or for,  Hemispherx
            or by an Affiliate or licensee thereof; or

      (c)   any act or  omission  of  Hemispherx  or of  Hemispherx's  officers,
            directors,   employees  or  agents  (including   without  limitation
            statements  or  representations   that  are  inconsistent  with,  or
            contrary to the Product labeling), or

      (d)   any claims or  allegations  by a third party that the sale or use of
            the Product or the use of the Trademark infringes that third party's
            intellectual property rights,

except  to the  extent  that  any  such  liability,  cost,  loss or  expense  is
attributable  to  the  negligent  or  intentional   malfeasance  of  Biovail  in
connection with the performance of its duties and obligations hereunder.

12.02  Biovail,  together  with its  successors  and assigns,  hereby  agrees to
indenmify  and hold  Hemispherx  harmless  from and  against any and all losses,
costs, claims, actions,  liabilities,  including liability for death or personal
injury,  and  expenses  (including   reasonable  attorneys'  fees)  incurred  by
Hemispherx which result from or arise in connection with

      (a)   the breach by Biovail of any representation, covenant or warranty of
            Biovail contained in this Agreement;

      (b)   the  Marketing  of the  Product in the  Territory  by  Biovail,  its
            Affiliates,  and  the  directors,  officers,  employees  and  agents
            thereof; or

      (c)   any act or omission of Biovail or of Biovail's officers,  directors,
            employees or agents  (including  without  limitation  statements  or
            representations  that are  inconsistent  with,  or  contrary  to the
            product labeling)

12.03  except to the extent that any such  liability,  cost,  loss or expense is
attributable  to the  negligent or  intentional  malfeasance  of  Hemispherx  in
connection with the performance of its duties and obligations hereunder.

      Procedure for Indemnification

12.04 Upon receiving notice of any claim or suit under paragraph 12.01, or 12.02
above, the indemnified Party shall immediately notify the indemnifying Party and
shall allow the indemnifying  Party and/or its insurer the opportunity  (subject
to Hemispherx's obligation to assume control of any

Hemispherx - Biovail Distribution Agreement Page 25 of 38

<PAGE>

and all third party  infringement  claims as described  in  paragraph  10.06) to
assume  direction  and  control of any and all third party  infringement  claim,
including  without  limitation the settlement  thereof at the sole option of the
indemnifying  Party or its insurer.  The  indemnified  Party agrees to cooperate
with  the  indemnifying  Party  in  the  conduct  of any  negotiations,  dispute
resolution or litigation of any such claim or suit; and the  indemnifying  Party
shall inform the indemnified  Party of the progress of the claim or suit at such
time and in such manner as is reasonable under the circumstances.

      Insurance

12.05 During the period of time beginning with the Product Launch and continuing
for five (5) years after the expiration or termination  of this  Agreement,  the
Parties shall each maintain in force product liability insurance coverage,  with
commercially  reasonable  limits adequate to cover their  obligations under this
Agreement  and  in any  event  not  less  than  five  million  Canadian  dollars
(Cdn.$5,000,000) for each claim and in the aggregate. A certificate of insurance
shall be  provided  by each Party to the other  promptly  after the date of this
Agreement and at each anniversary or renewal date of such insurance.

13. TERM AND TERMINATION

      Term and Renewal

13.01 This Agreement shall become effective immediately,  and, unless terminated
pursuant to the  provisions of this  Agreement,  shall  continue in effect for a
period of ten (10) years from the Effective Date.

13.02 The Term of this Agreement  shall be extended for successive  terms of two
(2) years unless either Biovail or Hemispherx advises the other of its intention
not to renew the Term at least twelve (12) months before the  expiration of such
Term.

      Termination by Either Party

13.03 Either Party may terminate this Agreement  immediately upon written notice
if the Product is withdrawn  from the Territory for a period of more than ninety
(90) days for serious adverse health or safety reasons.

13.04 Either Party may terminate this Agreement  immediately upon written notice
if, at any time, the other Party:

      (a)   files in any court a petition in  bankruptcy  or  insolvency  or for
            reorganization  or for an  arrangement  or for the  appointment of a
            receiver or trustee of such Party or of its assets;

      (b)   proposes a written  agreement of  composition  for  extension of its
            debts;

Hemispherx - Biovail Distribution Agreement Page 26 of 38

<PAGE>

      (c)   is  served  with an  involuntary  petition  against  it filed in any
            insolvency  proceeding,  and such petition is not  dismissed  within
            sixty (60) days after the filing thereof;

      (d)   proposes or is a party to any dissolution or liquidation; or

      (e)   makes an assignment for the benefit of its creditors.

13.05 Except as otherwise provided in this Agreement, either Party may terminate
this Agreement if the other Party  materially  breaches any term or provision of
this  Agreement,  (90) days after giving the breaching  Party written  notice of
such breach, unless:

      (a)   the  breaching  Party  cures the breach  within such ninety (90) day
            period; or

      (b)   if a cure of such breach cannot  reasonably be effected  within such
            (90) day period,  the  breaching  Party  commences  the cure of such
            breach within such ninety (90) day period and diligently  prosecutes
            such cure to completion.

      Termination by Hemispherx

13.06 In the event that Biovail fails to meet the minimum purchase  requirements
of paragraph 7.06 in any calendar  year,  Hemispherx may within ninety (90) days
of the end of that  calendar  year and upon thirty (30) days  written  notice to
Biovail treat the provision in paragraph 2.01 of this Agreement granting Biovail
the exclusive distributorship to Market the Product in the Territory as null and
void.  Thereafter  Hemispherx  shall have the right to Market the Product in the
Territory itself, or to appoint a third party as a non-exclusive  distributor of
the Product in the Territory.

13.07 In the event that Biovail fails to meet its Marketing  Obligations  in any
calendar  year,  Hemispherx  may  within  ninety  (90)  days  of the end of that
calendar  year and upon thirty  (30) days  written  notice to Biovail  treat the
provision in paragraph  2.01 of this  Agreement  granting  Biovail the exclusive
distributorship  to  Market  the  Product  in the  Territory  as null and  void.
Thereafter  Hemispherx  shall  have  the  right to  Market  the  Product  in the
Territory  itself or to appoint a third party as a non-exclusive  distributor of
the Product in the Territory.

13.08 In the event that Biovail fails to meet its Marketing  Obligations  in any
calendar year,  and also fails to meet the Market  Penetration  requirements  of
paragraph  7.06 in that same calendar  year,  Hemispherx  may within ninety (90)
days of the end of that calendar  year and upon thirty (30) days written  notice
to Biovail terminate this Agreement.

13.09  Upon  receipt  of  written  notice of an  election  by  Hemispherx  under
paragraphs  13.06,  13.07 or 13.08,  Biovail may retain its  exclusive  right to
Market the Product in the Territory,  and this Agreement shall not be terminated
pursuant to paragraph  13.08,  if within thirty (30) days of the receipt of such
notice Biovail agrees to

Hemispherx - Biovail Distribution Agreement Page 27 of 38

<PAGE>

      (a)   purchase sufficient Product from Hemispherx to make up the shortfall
            in its minimum  purchase  requirements  specified in paragraph 7.06;
            and

      (b)   increase its  Marketing  Obligations  within the  following  six (6)
            month  period by an amount  sufficient  of overcome  the  deficiency
            specified  in the written  notice  delivered  pursuant to  paragraph
            13.08.

13.10  Hemispherx  may terminate  this  Agreement on the 5th  anniversary of the
Product Launch provided that:

      (a)   Hemispherx  notifies  Biovail  of its  intention  to  terminate  the
            Agreement  at  least  twelve  (12)  months  in  advance  of  the  S~
            anniversary of the First Commercial Sale; and

      (b)   Hemispherx  pays to Biovail on or before the 5th  anniversary of the
            Product  Launch an amount  that will  provide to Biovail a return on
            investment  of five  hundred per cent (500%) on  Biovail's  Invested
            Costs.

      Termination by Biovail

13.11  Biovail  may  terminate  this  Agreement  pursuant to the  provisions  of
paragraph  9.05 of this  Agreement  at any time upon  ninety  (90) days  written
notice to Hemispherx.

13.12  Biovail  may at any time  within six (6) months  after the  issuance of a
Notice of Compliance notify Hemispherx that Biovail has been unable to negotiate
the approval of a  Reimbursement  Price of an amount of least  equivalent to two
hundred and ten US Dollars  (US$210.00) per Unit in the Provinces of Ontario and
Quebec Upon the delivery of that notice:

      (a)   the Marketing Obligations of Biovail shall be suspended for a period
            of six (6) months;

      (b)   Hemispherx  may  review  the  submissions  made  by  Biovail  to the
            applicable  provincial agencies,  and may itself negotiate with such
            agencies  in an attempt of obtain the  approval  of a  Reimbursement
            Price of an amount of least  equivalent  to two  hundred  and ten US
            Dollars (US$210.00) per Unit in the Provinces of Ontario and Quebec.

13.13 If within that six (6) month period  Hemispherx is unable to negotiate the
approval of a Ceiling  Price for the 400 mg strength of the Product  (calculated
by determining the average of the Ceiling Prices approved for the Product in the
Provinces of Ontario and Quebec) of an amount of least equivalent to two hundred
and ten US Dollars  (US$210.00)  per Unit in,  Biovail  may on thirty  (30) days
notice in writing to Hemispherx  terminate  this  Agreement,  unless within that
thirty (30) day period  Hemispherx agrees to reduce the Floor Price to an amount
that permits Biovail to achieve and maintain the same  percentage  margin on its
sales of the Product in the Territory as

Hemispherx - Biovail Distribution Agreement Page 28 of 38

<PAGE>

Biovail  would  achieve  and  maintain  it had  obtained a Ceiling  Price of two
hundred and ten US Dollars  (US$210.00)  per Unit with a Transfer Price of sixty
US Dollars (US$60).

13.14  Within  fifteen  (15) days after the  delivery  of a notice by Biovail to
Hemispherx pursuant to the provisions of paragraph 13.12, Hemispherx shall:

      (a)   pay to Biovail an amount equivalent to US$500,000 minus the total of
            all Marketing costs which Hemispherx has reimbursed or is obliged to
            reimburse to Biovail pursuant to the provisions of paragraph 5.18

      (b)   if the  Adjusted  Share  Value on the date of such  delivery is less
            than 3.5 million US Dollars,  pay to Biovail an amount equivalent to
            the  difference  between the Adjusted Share Value and 3.5 million US
            Dollars.

13.15 Any amount  payable by  Hemispherx to Biovail  pursuant to this  paragraph
13.14 may,  at the option of  Biovail,  be paid in cash,  or by the  delivery to
Biovail of common shares of Hemispherx  having an equivalent  value,  calculated
using the same share price used to determine the Adjusted  Share Value  referred
to above.

13.16 In the event Hemispherx  cannot supply the Product for the Territory for a
period of ninety (90) consecutive days for any reason other than as contemplated
by  paragraph  9.05  (serious  adverse  health or safety  reasons) or Article 13
(force majeure), Biovail may, within thirty (30) days from the expiration of the
ninety (90) day period  referenced in this  paragraph,  terminate this Agreement
upon  written  notice  to  Hemispherx.  In the event  Biovail  does not elect to
terminate this Agreement  pursuant to this paragraph  13.14, the Agreement shall
remain in full force and effect and Biovail's  Marketing  Obligations  including
the Annual Sales Forecasts, and other factors as appropriate,  shall be adjusted
appropriately for the period in which the supply of the Product was interrupted.

      Effect of Expiration and Termination

13.17  Expiration  or  termination  of this  Agreement  for any reason shall not
release any Party from any  obligation and any liability  which,  at the time of
such expiration or termination,  has already accrued to the other Party or which
is attributable  to a period prior to such expiration or termination,  nor shall
it  preclude  either  Party from  pursuing  all rights and  remedies it may have
hereunder with respect to any breach of this Agreement.

13.18 The rights and obligations of the Parties set forth in paragraphs 2.04 and
2.05 and Articles 10 and 12 and this paragraph 13.18 shall survive expiration or
termination of this Agreement for any reason.

13.19 Upon expiration or termination of this  Agreement,  Biovail shall have the
right to  continue  to sell the  existing  inventory  of  Product  at  Biovail's
Distribution  Center in the  Territory  for a period of six (6) months  from the
effective date of such expiration or termination.

Hemispherx - Biovail Distribution Agreement Page 29 of 38

<PAGE>

13.20 Upon any conversion of the distribution  rights granted to Biovail by this
Agreement to non-exclusive rights, the Marketing Obligations and sales forecasts
shall no longer apply or be binding on Biovail.

14. FORCE MAJEURE

14.01  Neither  Party  shall  be  liable  for  failure  to  perform  any  of its
obligations  hereunder  if such failure is due to strikes,  locks-outs  or other
labor disturbances,  riots, floods, fires, accidents, wars, embargoes, delays of
carriers,   inability  to  obtain  materials  from  sources  for  supply,  acts,
injunctions, or restraints of governments (whether or not now threatened) or any
other  cause  beyond  the  reasonable  control  of  such  Party,  which  was not
reasonably  foreseeable  on the date this  Agreement was entered into, and which
could not reasonably have been avoided (each a "Force Majeure Event").  Upon the
occurrence of any Force Majeure Event,  the Party whose  performance is affected
shall  immediately  give written notice of such Force Majeure Event to the other
Party, and shall  thereafter exert all reasonable  efforts to overcome the Force
Majeure Event and resume performance of this Agreement. If, despite such efforts
the Party is unable to overcome the Force Majeure  Event and resume  performance
of this Agreement within six (6) months following  notification given hereunder,
then the other Party may terminate this  Agreement  upon  expiration of such six
(6) month period by written notice to the non-performing Party.

14.02 No Party  shall have the right to avail  itself of this  Article 14 in the
event the Force Majeure  Event arises from an act or from any  negligence of the
Party.

14.03 Each Party shall bear its own costs  arising out of or resulting  from the
occurrence of any Force Majeure Event.

15. REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES

15.01  Unless  specifically  stated  below,  each Party  hereby  represents  and
warrants to the other Party as follows:

      (a)   Such Party is duly organized, validly existing and in good standing
            under the laws of the jurisdiction in which it is organized; has the
            corporate or other power and authority and the legal right to
            conduct its business as it is now being conducted; and is in
            compliance with all requirements of applicable law, except to the
            extent that any noncompliance would not have a material adverse
            effect on the properties, business, or financial or other condition
            of such Party and would not materially adversely affect such Party's
            ability to perform its obligations under this Agreement.

      (b)   Such Party has the  corporate or other power and  authority  and the
            legal  right  to  enter  into  this  Agreement  and to  perform  its
            obligations hereunder and has taken all necessary corporate or other
            action on its part to authorize the

Hemispherx - Biovail Distribution Agreement Page 30 of 38

<PAGE>

            execution and delivery of this Agreement and the  performance of its
            obligations  hereunder.  This  Agreement  has been duly executed and
            delivered on behalf of such Party,  and  constitutes a legal,  valid
            and binding obligation, enforceable against such Party in accordance
            with  its  terms,  except  as such  enforcement  may be  limited  by
            applicable bankruptcy, insolvency,  reorganization,  moratorium, and
            other similar laws affecting the  enforcement  of creditors'  rights
            generally  from time to time in effect  and  general  principles  of
            equity.

      (c)   Such Party shall comply with all applicable  laws and regulations in
            the  Territory  in  connection  with the  performance  of its duties
            hereunder.

      (d)   All necessary consents, approvals and authorizations of all
            governmental authorities and other persons required to be obtained
            by such Party in connection with this Agreement have been obtained.
            Hemispherx specifically represents and warrants that all statements
            and representations made in any promotional, advertising,
            educational and training materials developed by Hemispherx for use
            in the United States and provided to Biovail by Hemispherx shall be
            true and accurate to the best of Hemispherx's knowledge, information
            and belief;

      (e)   The execution and delivery of this Agreement and the performance of
            such Party's obligations hereunder shall not conflict with, violate
            the provisions of, constitute a default or give rise to rights of
            any entity under (a) the Party's Articles of Incorporation or
            Bylaws; (b) any requirement of applicable laws or regulations; (c)
            any judgment, decree or order of any court or governmental or
            regulatory agency applicable to the Party, its subsidiaries, its
            Affiliates or their respective assets; or (d) any agreement,
            commitment or contractual obligation of such Party or of any of its
            subsidiaries or Affiliates is a party or by which they or their
            respective assets are bound, except such conflicts that do not
            materially adversely affect such Party's ability to perform its
            obligations under this Agreement.

      (f)   Hemispherx specifically represents and warrants that there is no
            pending or threatened lawsuit or proceeding of any governmental or
            regulatory authority against or concerning Hemispherx in connection
            with the respective obligations to be performed hereunder which, if
            adversely determined, would (a) prohibit the execution, delivery or
            performance of this Agreement or (b) have a material adverse effect
            on Hemispherx or on the ability of Hemispherx to consummate the
            transactions contemplated hereby or to perform its obligations under
            this Agreement.


Hemispherx - Biovail Distribution Agreement Page 31 of 38

<PAGE>

      (g)   Biovail specifically represents that, in entering into this
            Agreement, Biovail is relying solely upon its independent
            investigation of Hemispherx's business and its independent
            consultation with such professional, legal and accounting advisors
            as it deems necessary, and is not acting in reliance on any
            statements, instruments, certificates, documents, representations or
            warranties other than those contained or referred to in this
            Agreement.

16. MISCELLANEOUS

      Notices

16.01 Except as otherwise  provided  herein,  any notice or other  communication
sent or delivered  hereunder  shall be in writing and shall be effective if hand
delivered or if sent by facsimile  transmission or certified or registered mail,
postage prepaid and addressed as follows.

              if to Hemispherx:

              Hemispherx BioPharma, Inc.

              1617 JFK Boulevard

              Philadelphia, Pennsylvania 19103

              U.S.A.

              Attention:    William A. Carter, M.D.
              Facsimile:    1 215 988 1739

              if to Biovail:

              Eugene Melnyk, President and CEO
              Biovail Laboratories Incorporated
              Chelston Park
              Building 2, Collymore Rock
              St Michael
              Facsimile (246)437-7085

              with a copy to:

              Kenneth C. Cancellara, Q.C.
              Biovail Corporation International
              2488 Dunwin Drive
              Mississauga, Ontario LSL 1J9
              Facsimile (416)285-6499

or to such address as either Party shall  hereafter  designate by like notice to
the other  Party.  A notice  shall be  deemed to have been  given on the date of
receipt by the Party.

Hemispherx - Biovail Distribution Agreement Page 32 of 38

<PAGE>

      Allocation of Costs

16.02  Each of the  Parties  shall  employ,  at its own cost and  expense,  such
personnel,  computer and communications support,  facilities and expertise as is
reasonably  necessary for the  performance  of its  responsibilities  under this
Agreement. Except as otherwise provided by this Agreement, each Party shall bear
all expenses related to the performance of its obligations under this Agreement,
including  without  limitation all out-of-pocket  and  administrative  costs and
expenses.

      Assignment

16.03 Neither  Party may assign this  Agreement or any rights  hereunder  except
upon prior written consent of the other Party,  which consent may be withheld in
such other Party's sole discretion.  Notwithstanding the foregoing, either Party
may assign its rights and obligations to an Affiliate of such Party, although no
such  assignment  shall  relieve  the Party of its  primary  responsibility  for
performance  hereunder.  This Agreement  shall be binding upon, and inure to the
benefit of, the permitted assigns and successors of the Parties hereto.

      Waiver

16.04 The failure of either Party hereto at any time to require  performance  by
the other Party of any provision of this Agreement shall not affect the right of
such Party to require future performance of that provision.  Except as otherwise
provided  herein,  any waiver by either Party of any breach of any  provision of
this  Agreement must be in writing to be effective and shall not be construed as
a waiver of any continuing or succeeding breach of such provision or a waiver of
any other right under this Agreement.

      Entire Agreement

16.05 This Agreement  constitutes the entire understanding of the Parties hereto
and  supersede all previous  agreements  between the Parties with respect to the
matters  contained  herein.  No modifications of this Agreement shall be binding
upon either Party unless approved in writing by an authorized  representative of
each of the Parties.

      Partial Invalidity

16.06 In case any one or more of the provisions  contained herein shall, for any
reason,  be held to be invalid,  illegal or unenforceable  in any respect,  such
invalidity, illegality or unenforceability shall not affect any other provisions
of this  Agreement,  but this  Agreement  shall be construed as if such invalid,
illegal or unenforceable provision or provisions had never been contained herein
unless the  deletion of such  provision  or  provisions  would  result in such a
material change as to cause consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby
to be impossible.

Hemispherx - Biovail Distribution Agreement Page 33 of 38

<PAGE>

      Execution in Counterparts

16.07 This  Agreement may be executed in  counterparts,  including  counterparts
transmitted  by  telecopier  or  facsimile,  each of which shall  constitute  an
original  and all of which  shall  be  considered  one and the  same  Agreement.
Counterparts  or facsimile  copies  executed by all parties  shall have the same
effect as if the  signatures to each  counterpart  or facsimile copy were on the
same document and copies of such  documents  shall be deemed valid as originals.
The  parties  agree  that all such  signatures  may be  transferred  to a single
document.

      Language

16.08  This  Agreement  is in the  English  language,  which  language  shall be
controlling in all respects.  All communications and notices to be made or given
pursuant to this Agreement shall be in the English language.

      Publicity

16.09 Hemispherx acknowledges that Biovail is required to disclose publicly that
it has entered  into this  Agreement  and consents to that  disclosure.  Biovail
shall  provide a copy of the proposed  release to  Hemispherx  for  Hemispherx's
approval before its release.  Hemispherx shall provide any comments it wishes to
make on the proposed release within two (2) business days.

      Remedies Not Exclusive

16.10 The rights and remedies  contained in this  Agreement  are not intended to
waive or preclude any other  claims,  rights or remedies  which may exist at law
(whether  statutory  or  otherwise)  or in equity  with  respect to the  matters
covered hereby.

      Governing Law

16.11 This Agreement shall be construed,  interpreted and enforced in accordance
with the laws of the State of New  York,  without  regard  to the  choice of law
principles thereof, unless otherwise provided for in this Agreement.

      Arbitration

16.12  Subject to the  provisions of 16.13,  all disputes  arising in connection
with the present contract shall be finally settled,  in New York, New York, USA,
under the  provisions  of the American  Arbitration  Association  by one or more
arbitrators  appointed in accordance  with the law of the State of New York. The
parties  commit  themselves  to  accept  and  comply  with the  decision  of the
arbitrator or arbitrators.

16.13 Any disputes  with respect to the  application  of, or the  compliance  of
either Party with, any provisions of paragraphs  1.13,  3.02, 3.03, 3.04 (c),(d)
and (e), 3.05 to 3.12, 4.02, 5.18, 8.03, and

Hemispherx - Biovail Distribution Agreement Page 34 of 38

<PAGE>

8.09 of this Agreement shall be resolved in an arbitration conducted pursuant to
the provisions of Schedule 16.13.

      IN WITNESS WHEREOF,  and intending to be bound hereby, each of the Parties
hereto have caused this Agreement to be executed by its duly authorized  officer
as of the day and year first above written.

HEMISPHERX BIOPHARMA, INC.


By:   /s/ William A. Carter

   ----------------------------
Title:

By:

   ----------------------------
Title:

BIOVAIL LABORATORIES INCORPORATED


By:    /s/ Eugene Melnyk

   ---------------------------- Eugene Melnyk, President

           Hemispherx - Biovail Distribution Agreement Page 35 of 38

<PAGE>

                          SCHEDULE 16.13 - ARBITRATION

Any arbitration conducted pursuant to the provisions of paragraph 16.13 shall be
conducted in accordance with the following terms.

Either  Party may elect to commence  the  arbitration.  Such  election  shall be
effective if made by written notice (the  "Arbitration  Notice")  transmitted by
facsimile  to the other Party hereto and further sent in the manner set forth in
accordance with the notice  provisions of this Agreement.  The date on which the
Arbitration Notice is received via facsimile is the notice date ("Notice Date").

The  arbitration  shall be conducted and determined in accordance  with the then
prevailing commercial arbitration rules of the American Arbitration Association,
or its  successor,  for  arbitration  of  commercial  disputes,  except that the
procedure mandated by said rules shall be modified as follows:

A.    A single  arbitrator to be mutually agreed upon by the parties within five
      (5)  business  days of the  Arbitration  Notice  Date  shall  conduct  the
      arbitration.  If the parties are unable to agree upon a single  arbitrator
      within five (5) business day period,  the parties  shall  request that the
      American Arbitration  Association appoint a single qualified arbitrator in
      accordance with its procedures.

B.    The location, and any procedural rules the arbitrator wishes to establish,
      for the arbitration will be determined by the arbitrator within five (5)
      business days of the appointment of the arbitrator. The arbitrator shall
      commence the arbitration hearing within fifteen (15) business days of the
      Notice Date, and the arbitration shall be completed within seven (7) days
      of the date that it is commenced. The arbitrator shall render a decision
      in the matter within five (5) days after the arbitration is completed.
      Such decision shall be final and binding and neither Party shall appeal
      the decision on any basis to any Court.

C.    Upon any failure, refusal or inability of an arbitrator to act, his or her
      successor shall be appointed in the same manner as provided for his or her
      original appointment.

The arbitrator  shall render his decision and award in writing with  counterpart
copies  to both  parties.  The  arbitrator  shall  have no right to  modify  the
provisions  of this  Agreement.  The  arbitrator  shall  have the right to award
interest.  The costs of the  arbitration,  including  the fees and  expenses  of
counsel,  expert and witness  fees and costs of the  arbitrator  shall be in the
discretion of the  arbitrator,  who shall have the power to make any award which
is just in the circumstances.

Hemispherx - Biovail Distribution Agreement Page 36 of 38

<PAGE>

                     Schedule 1.41 - TARGET PENETRATION RATE

      o     Biovail  shall  purchase  product in  quantities  equivalent  to the
            following annual market penetration targets:

                             Target Penetration Rate

                Year*

                -----
                Year 1:                 0.9%
                Year 2:                 3.3%
                Year 3:                 5.7%
                Year 4:                 5.5%
                Year 5:                 4.9%
                Year 6:                 3.0%
                Year 7:                 2.2%
                Year 8:                 1.6%
                Year 9:                 1.5%
                Year 10:                1.5%

*  full calendar years following the issuance of an NOC for an Indication


Hemispherx - Biovail Distribution Agreement Page 37 of 38

<PAGE>

                           Schedule 8.08 PERCENTAGE OF

                                NET SELLING PRICE

                             TO BE PAID BY BIO VAIL

                Invoiced Volume                Price Expressed in % of Aggregate
         Sales

         $0 million - 19.9 million:            30%
         $20.0 million - 29.9 million:         35%
         $30.0 million - 39.9 million:         40%
         $40.0 million and beyond:             45%

*All amounts are in US dollars


Hemispherx - Biovail Distribution Agreement Page 38 of 38

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
