<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.8
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>k23205exv10w8.txt
<DESCRIPTION>DISTRIBUTOR AGREEMENT DATED OCTOBER 31, 2006 BETWEEN SMART GMBH AND SMART USA DISTRIBUTOR LLC
<TEXT>
<PAGE>

                                                                    Exhibit 10.8

                                      This

                              DISTRIBUTOR AGREEMENT

                               ("this Agreement")

                                  is made as of

                               OCTOBER 31ST, 2006

                                 by and between

                                   SMART GMBH,
a limited liability company organized and existing under the laws of the Federal
Republic of Germany, having its principal place of business at Leibnizstrasse 2,
                            71032 Boblingen, Germany

                                 ("SMART GMBH")

                                       and

                           SMART USA DISTRIBUTOR LLC,
a limited liability company organized and existing under the laws of Delaware,
having its principal place of business at 2555 Telegraph Road, Bloomfield Hills,
                                 Michigan 48302

                                ("DISTRIBUTOR").

      smart gmbh and DISTRIBUTOR are referred to Individually as "Party" and
                           collectively as "Parties".


                                                                    Page 1 of 86

<PAGE>

                                TABLE OF CONTENTS

<TABLE>
<S>                                                                          <C>
ARTICLE 1  APPOINTMENT OF DISTRIBUTOR AND RIGHTS OF DISTRIBUTION..........     4
   1.1     Appointment of DISTRIBUTOR.....................................     4
   1.2     Limitation on Appointment......................................     4
   1.3     Retained Rights................................................     4
   1.4     Related Activities.............................................     5

ARTICLE 2  CONTRACT GOODS ................................................     5

ARTICLE 3  CONTRACT TERRITORY.............................................     6
   3.1     Contract Territory.............................................     6
   3.2     Activities Outside of the Contract Territory...................     6

ARTICLE 4  TARGET AGREEMENTS..............................................     6
   4.1     Sales Period...................................................     6
   4.2     Objectives.....................................................     6
   4.3     Minimum Sales Volume, Minimum Objectives.......................     7

ARTICLE 5  SALES AND SERVICE ACTIVITIES...................................     7
   5.1     Sales and Service Organization.................................     7
   5.2     smart Dealership Standards.....................................     7
   5.3     Authorized Resellers...........................................     8
   5.4     Facilities.....................................................     9
   5.5     Business Systems...............................................     9
   5.6     Management Personnel...........................................    11
   5.7     Training.......................................................    11

ARTICLE 6  SERVICE AND WARRANTY...........................................    12
   6.1     Service of Contract Goods......................................    12
   6.2     Authorized Reseller's Warranty.................................    12
   6.3     Distributor's Warranty.........................................    13
   6.4     Alteration and Equipment Installation..........................    14
   6.5     Parts..........................................................    14
   6.6     Technical Publications.........................................    14

ARTICLE 7  PROMOTION, ADVERTISING AND SIGNAGE.............................    14
   7.1     Promotion and Advertising......................................    14
   7.2     Signage........................................................    15

ARTICLE 8  ORDERS, PRICING AND PAYMENT....................................    16
   8.1     Orders.........................................................    16
   8.2     Pricing and Payment............................................    17

ARTICLE 9  LIABILITY AND INDEMNIFICATION..................................    17
   9.1     Limitation of Liability........................................    17
   9.2     Product Liability..............................................    18
   9.3     Force Majeure..................................................    19

ARTICLE 10 DESIGNATION AND MARKS..........................................    20
   10.1    Designation....................................................    20
   10.2    Use of smart Marks.............................................    20
   10.3    Company Name...................................................    20
</TABLE>


                                                                    Page 2 of 86

<PAGE>

<TABLE>
<S>                                                                          <C>
   10.4    Term of Use....................................................    21

ARTICLE 11 STATUS AND OWNERSHIP OF DISTRIBUTOR............................    21
   11.1    Status of DISTRIBUTOR..........................................    21
   11.2    DISTRIBUTOR'S Authority and Ownership..........................    21

ARTICLE 12 FINANCIAL STRUCTURE, BOOKS, RECORDS AND ACCOUNTS, STATEMENTS
           AND AUDIT......................................................    22
   12.1    Financial Structure, Books, Records and Accounts and
           Statements.....................................................    22
   12.1    Audit..........................................................    22

ARTICLE 13 OTHER OBLIGATIONS OF DISTRIBUTOR...............................    23
   13.1    Deal Information and Assistance................................    23
   13.2    Customer Data...............................................       23
   13.3    Customer Satisfaction Policies.................................    23
   13.4    Other Goods....................................................    24
   13.5    Compliance with Laws...........................................    24
   13.6    Execution of Related Agreements................................    26
   13.7    Emissions Credits..............................................    27

ARTICLE 14 TERM AND TERMINATION...........................................    27
   14.1    Term of this Agreement.........................................    27
   14.2    Termination with Immediate Effect..............................    28
   14.3    Notification...................................................    30
   14.4    Rights and Obligations on Termination..........................    30

ARTICLE 15 GENERAL PROVISIONS.............................................    32
   15.1    Payments to DISTRIBUTOR........................................    32
   15.2    Entire Agreement, Modification, Consent, Waiver, Rights and
           Assignment.....................................................    32
   15.3    Registration...................................................    33
   15.4    Confidential Information.......................................    33
   15.5    Counterparts and Photocopies...................................    33
   15.6    Interpretation and Discrepancy with Other Documents............    34
   15.7    Severability...................................................    34

ARTICLE 16 NOTICES........................................................    34

ARTICLE 17 GOVERNING LAW AND DISPUTE RESOLUTION...........................    35

ARTICLE 18 PLACE OF PERFORMANCE...........................................    35

ARTICLE 19 SIGNATURE......................................................    35
</TABLE>

ANNEXES:

Annex 1    Vehicles
Annex 2    Contract Specifications
Annex 3.1  Target Agreement
Annex 3.2  Parts
Annex 4    Format Types, Corporate Identity (CI) and Standards
Annex 5    Distributor's Warranty
Annex 6    Sales Conditions
Annex 7    Trade and Service Marks Licensing Clauses
Annex 8    Allocation of Functions
Annex 9    TREAD Act Information
Annex 10   Field Actions, Service Campaigns and Recalls


                                                                    Page 3 of 86
<PAGE>

ARTICLE 1 - APPOINTMENT OF DISTRIBUTOR AND RIGHTS OF DISTRIBUTION

1.1  APPOINTMENT OF DISTRIBUTOR

smart gmbh hereby appoints DISTRIBUTOR and DISTRIBUTOR hereby accepts, subject
to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, to be the exclusive distributor
for the sale and service of Contract Goods (as defined below) in the Contract
Territory (as defined below).

1.2  LIMITATION ON APPOINTMENT

(1)  DISTRIBUTOR shall sell Contract Goods only to:

     (i)  its Authorized Resellers (as defined below); and

     (ii) end users of Contract Goods,

     whose place of residence or business domicile is within the Contract
     Territory.

(2)  DISTRIBUTOR shall not sell any Contract Goods unless those Contract Goods
     are purchased under this Agreement or otherwise with smart gmbh's consent,
     nor shall DISTRIBUTOR acquire or assist others in acquiring Contract Goods
     from any source other than smart gmbh.

1.3  RETAINED RIGHTS

     (1)  smart gmbh may be required by certain of its multinational fleet
          customers or certain multinational fleet customers of a
          DaimlerChrysler Group Company, while smart gmbh is a DaimlerChrysler
          Group Company, to enter into agreements with customers [other than a
          DaimlerChrysler Group Company). Prior to doing SD, smart gmbh shall
          promptly inform DISTRIBUTOR and, thereafter, smart gmbh and
          DISTRIBUTOR shall consult to respond, if possible, to the needs of the
          customer and agree in advance as to the terms and conditions under
          which the customer will acquire the Vehicles from DISTRIBUTOR and its
          Authorized Resellers for the customer's operation within the Contract
          Territory. If DISTRIBUTOR and smart gmbh fail to agree upon such terms
          and conditions, smart gmbh may then require DISTRIBUTOR, and
          DISTRIBUTOR is obliged to implement the sale, but only in accordance
          with the following conditions:

          A. smart gmbh will ensure that DISTRIBUTOR will in any such case
          retain a margin of at least *% of Vehicle's MSRP (as defined below)
          to cover DISTRIBUTOR'S expenses relating to such meal (for example
          customer information, test drives, invoicing, vehicle arrangement, pre
          delivery inspection, delivery).

          B. smart gmbh shall ensure that DISTRIBUTOR and its Authorized
          Reseller receive payment from the fleet customer for the sold Vehicles
          or another mutually agreeable solution.

          C. The maximum number of Vehicles which smart gmbh may directly or
          indirectly offer and sell to multinational fleet customers pursuant to
          this Article 1.3 is agreed to be:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
Time Frame                           Volume Limitation
----------------------------------   --------------------------------------
<S>                                  <C>
January 1,2008 - December 31, 2009   *% on top of the mutually agreed to
                                     annual Vehicle planning volume for the
                                     calendar year

January 1,2010 - December 31, 2021   *% on top of the mutually agreed to
                                     annual Vehicle planning volume for the
                                     calendar year
</TABLE>

     (2)  Prior to any offer of any special condition to any DaimlerChrysler
          Group Company's employees, which differ from the market conditions
          (the conditions offered to the general public), DISTRIBUTOR shall
          obtain smart gmbh's written approval if smart gmbh is at that point in
          time a DaimlerChrysler Group Company.

*    Confidential portions omitted and filed separately with the Securities and
     Exchange Commission pursuant to an application for confidential treatment
     pursuant to Rule 24b-2 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as
     amended.



                                                                    Page 4 of 86

<PAGE>

     (3)  Vehicles for the use of a DaimlerChrysler Group Company (e.g. as
          Company cars for corporate fleet, with or without registration and as
          management cars) should be ordered via DISTRIBUTOR. In that case the
          Parties will agree in advance on a processing fee and the applying
          conditions during the yearly negotiation process. If the Parties
          should not agree, smart gmbh may, if smart gmbh is at that point in
          time a DaimlerChrysler Group Company, transfer Vehicles in the
          Contract Territory to any DaimlerChrysler Group Company, whereas
          DISTRIBUTOR, shall be involved and will be reimbursed for incurred
          costs (max. *% basis Vehicle's MSRP as defined in Clause 1.3(1)(A).

1.4  RELATED ACTIVITIES

(1)  With respect to financing and leasing of Contract Goods, DISTRIBUTOR and
     its Authorized Resellers shall, albeit not exclusively, offer the range of
     services provided by any DaimlerChrysler Group Company active in the field
     of financing or leasing provided such services can be lawfully offered.

(2)  DISTRIBUTOR and its Authorized Resellers shall offer and process service
     products provided by any DaimlerChrysler Group Company in accordance with
     the relevant guidelines.

ARTICLE 2 - CONTRACT GOODS

(1)  Contract Goods are:

     (i)  completely built-up new motor vehicles (including chassis)
          manufactured by or under license of smart gmbh or any DaimlerChrysler
          Group Company, as identified in ANNEX 1 ("Vehicles") and in the
          versions intended for the Contract Territory, as offered to
          DISTRIBUTOR, from time to time, hereunder; and

     (ii) new genuine parts, accessories for installation on or attachment to
          Vehicles, components, aggregates, assemblies, as well as genuine
          remanufactured parts, components, aggregates and assemblies, which are
          supplied by smart gmbh, a DaimlerChrysler Group Company or authorized
          licensee ("Parts").

*    Confidential portions omitted and filed separately with the Securities and
     Exchange Commission pursuant to an application for confidential treatment
     pursuant to Rule 24b-2 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as
     amended.


                                                                    Page 5 of 86

<PAGE>

(2)  Successor and supplementary models within existing model series will become
     Contract Goods upon their official launching in the Contract Territory with
     the consent of smart gmbh.

ARTICLE 3 - CONTRACT TERRITORY

3.1  CONTRACT TERRITORY

The Contract Territory is as set forth in ANNEX 2, under the heading "Contract
Territory".

3.2  ACTIVITIES OUTSIDE OF THE CONTRACT TERRITORY

DISTRIBUTOR and its Authorized Resellers shall not. directly or indirectly,
outside of the Contract Territory:

(i)  maintain sales or distribution branches or depots for Contract Goods;

(ii) solicit customers for Contract Goods in any manner and, in particular,
     through the internet, it being recognized that prospective customers
     located outside of the Contract Territory may access DISTRIBUTOR'S and/or
     its Authorized Resellers, Contract Territory-based internet sites and such
     accessing shell not be deemed to be a violation of this Article; or

(iii) appoint sub-distributors, dealers, outlets or workshops to sell,
     distribute or service Contract Goods.

ARTICLE 4 - TARGET AGREEMENTS

4.1 SALES PERIOD

(1)  Prior to each Sales Period, the Parties shall agree upon quantitative
     and/or qualitative objectives to be reached by DISTRIBUTOR and its
     Authorized Resellers in a Target Agreement. The Target Agreement for the
     first Sales Period is set forth in ANNEX 3.1.

(2)  "Sales Period" means the calendar year or, for this Agreement's first and
     last years, the partial calendar year during which this Agreement is in
     effect,

4.2  OBJECTIVES

(1)  The quantitative objectives may Include, but are not limited to, the
     following:

     (i)  a minimum or a specific number of Vehicles to be sold by DISTRIBUTOR
          and its Authorized Resellers to end users in the Contract Territory;

     (ii) a minimum or a specific market share in defined vehicle segments in
          the Contract Territory;

     (iii) a minimum or a specific turnover of Parts;

     (iv) a specific inventory of Contract Goods [although, in any case,
          DISTRIBUTOR and its Authorized Resellers shall keep a balanced
          inventory of Contract Goods in quantity and assortment sufficient to
          meet customer demand in the Contract Territory); and

     (v)  a specific number of demonstration vehicles (although, in any case,
          DISTRIBUTOR and its Authorized Resellers shall keep in stock such
          number of demonstration Vehicles appropriate for the volume of
          business).

(2)  The qualitative objectives may include, but are not limited to, the
     following:

     (i)  measures which ensure the achievement of smart Dealership Standards
          (as defined below) by DISTRIBUTOR'S Authorized Resellers as well as
          smart gmbh's other requirements; and

     (ii) the implementation of organizational structures, new facilities or
          processes,


                                                                    Page 6 of 86

<PAGE>

4.3 MINIMUM SALES VOLUME, MINIMUM OBJECTIVES

(1)  DISTRIBUTOR is obliged to take delivery of and pay for the yearly agreed
     volume of Contract Goods as set forth in ANNEX 3.1.

(2)  The Minimum Sales Volume is, for each category of Contract Goods, as the
     case may be, a number of Vehicles that DISTRIBUTOR and its Authorized
     Resellers must sell, as a minimum, to end-users in the Contract Territory,
     or a turnover of Parts, that DISTRIBUTOR and its Authorized Resellers must
     make at a minimum.

ARTICLE 5 - SALES AND SERVICE ACTIVITIES

5.1  SALES AND SERVICE ORGANIZATION

(1)  DISTRIBUTOR shall directly and/or through Authorized Resellers develop and
     maintain a sales and service network that in terms of quality and capacity
     ensures the balanced and thorough distribution of Contract Goods, the
     supply of the market demand for Contract Goods and expert service that
     enhances the high-quality image, reputation and acceptability of Contract
     Goods. smart gmbh assumes that the sales and service network set up by the
     DISTRIBUTOR will consist of United Auto Group, Inc. ("UAG") dealers and of
     Penske Automotive dealers and others. DISTRIBUTOR shall consult with smart
     gmbh prior to establishing or adjusting its sales and service network.

     DISTRIBUTOR will ensure an initial investment by each Authorized Reseller
     of approximate * US$ for the set up of all sales and service facilities
     (including IT systems, tools and all necessary equipment), for the purchase
     of corporate identity and signage, and for carrying out initial staff
     training (sales, service, management personnel), if a higher investment
     becomes necessary the Parties shall agree thereon prior to this investment.

(2)  "Authorized Resellers" means all persons appointed by DISTRIBUTOR in
     accordance with this Agreement to maintain sales and/or service facilities
     in the Contract Territory for any Contract Goods.

5.2  SMART DEALERSHIP STANDARDS

(1)  DISTRIBUTOR and its Authorized Resellers shall strive to comply with those
     standards as may be from lime to time implemented and amended or updated by
     smart gmbh ("smart Dealership Standards"). The current smart Dealership
     Standards are set forth in ANNEX 4. The implementation or any amendment or
     update of smart Dealership Standards requires one year's notice to
     DISTRIBUTOR.

*    Confidential portions omitted and filed separately with the Securities and
     Exchange Commission pursuant to an application for confidential treatment
     pursuant to Rule 24b-2 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as
     amended.


                                                                    Page 7 of 86

<PAGE>

(2)  In any event, DISTRIBUTOR and its Authorized Resellers are obliged to
     comply with those of the smart Dealership Standards that are identified by
     smart gmbh to be binding on DISTRIBUTOR and/or its Authorized Resellers
     ("smart Dealership Must Standards"). The fulfillment of all smart
     Dealership Must Standards by DISTRIBUTOR and its Authorized Resellers is a
     condition precedent for DISTRIBUTOR's appointment as a distributor of
     Contract Goods in the Contract Territory, and their continued fulfillment
     is a condition for this Agreement being upheld. Likewise, the fulfillment
     of all smart Dealership Must Standards by each of DISTRIBUTOR's Authorized
     Resellers must be a condition precedent for the relevant Authorized
     Reseller's appointment by DISTRIBUTOR, and their continued fulfillment must
     be a condition for the relevant agreement being upheld.

(3)  In addition, DISTRIBUTOR and its Authorized Resellers shall comply with
     smart gmbh's requirements or such other manuals, guidelines or materials
     as may be from time to time implemented and amended or updated by smart
     gmbh.

5.3  AUTHORIZED RESELLERS

(1)  DISTRIBUTOR's Authorized Resellers must:

     (i)  be duly organized, validly existing and in good standing under
          Applicable Laws, and have, now and forthwith, full authority and all
          permits, authorizations and licenses necessary or advisable to enter
          into or perform their obligations under the agreement with
          DISTRIBUTOR;

     (ii) show a sound financial structure with a working capital level and
          financing capability that satisfy their operating requirements. In
          particular, the working capital level and financing capability must be
          sufficient for meeting the smart Dealership Standards and smart
          gmbh's requirements, and must be acceptable to smart gmbh;

     (iii) not have been subject to any voluntary or involuntary bankruptcy or
          insolvency proceedings;

     (iv) not engage in or be charged with practices that constitute an offense
          under any anti-bribery, export control, competition, tax, stock
          exchange or corporate governance legislation or that jeopardize smart
          gmbh's good name and goodwill, or act in a manner which substantially
          and adversely affects the reputation, distribution and promotion of
          smart gmbh's or, for as long as smart gmbh is a DaimlerChrysler Group
          Company, any DaimlerChrysler Group Company's goods and services; and

     (v)  not be charged with or convicted of any offense punishable by
          imprisonment for more than one year, or a crime involving dishonesty,
          false statement or theft.

(2)  Prior to appointing an Authorized Reseller, DISTRIBUTOR shall:

     (i)  provide to smart gmbh all information relevant to the financial
          condition, management, ownership, business practices and corporate
          reputation and to such person's qualifications and ability to perform
          as an Authorized Reseller;

     (ii) obtain the Authorized Reseller's representation that it meets all
          conditions set forth in Clause 5.3 (1);

     (iii) obtain smart gmbh's confirmation, acting reasonably, as to the
          acceptability of such person; and

     (iv) obtain smart gmbh's approval of the agreement between DISTRIBUTOR and
          the Authorized Reseller including the smart Dealership Standards and
          the Authorized Reseller's margin.

     smart gmbh may, in its sole discretion, exercised reasonably, reject any
     proposed appointment. Final decision of Authorized Reseller appointment is
     with DISTRIBUTOR.

(3)  DISTRIBUTOR shall have a written agreement with each Authorized Reseller
     and such agreement must be consistent with this Agreement. In particular,
     such agreement:

     (i)  must oblige the Authorized Reseller to observe and perform the duties
          and obligations set forth in this Agreement (in particular the smart
          Dealership Must Standards) as far as any may be applicable to the
          Authorized Reseller; and

     (ii) must not grant to the Authorized Reseller rights that go beyond those
          which smart gmbh has granted to DISTRIBUTOR, thus restricting or
          jeopardizing any right or position of smart


                                                                    Page 8 of 86

<PAGE>

          gmbh or excluding or impeding the enforcement of any such right or
          position or damaging or jeopardizing the image of smart gmbh or, as
          long as smart gmbh is a DaimlerChrysler Group Company, any
          DaimlerChrysler Group Company or Contract Goods, unless so required by
          Applicable Law.

(4)  Upon the appointment of an Authorized Reseller, DISTRIBUTOR shall provide
     smart gmbh without delay with a copy of that agreement and, if so requested
     by smart gmbh, with a certified translation of that agreement.

(5)  Upon smart gmbh's request from time to time, DISTRIBUTOR shall provide
     smart gmbh without delay with a copy of all relevant agreements with any or
     all of its Authorized Resellers and, if so requested by smart gmbh, with
     certified translations thereof, and all information relevant to the
     financial condition, management, ownership, business practices and
     corporate reputation of any or all of its Authorized Resellers. DISTRIBUTOR
     shall at all times promptly comply with smart gmbh's instructions to
     modify or alter all or any of the agreements with its Authorized Resellers
     in order to comply with Clause 5.2 (3) above, or to enforce any right under
     those agreements.

(6)  DISTRIBUTOR shall:

     (i)  provide its Authorized Resellers with appropriate supervision and
          training;

     (ii) actively monitor the performance by each Authorized Reseller of its
          agreements with DISTRIBUTOR and enforce each Authorized Reseller's
          obligations under such agreements; and

     (iii) use its best efforts to put into place and maintain, and to assist
          its Authorized Resellers in putting into place and maintaining,
          effective inventory and retail sale financing programs.

5.4  FACILITIES

(1)  DISTRIBUTOR shall directly and/or through its Authorized Resellers maintain
     offices, sales and service facilities (including vehicle and parts storage
     and display facilities) sufficient to represent Contract Goods
     appropriately in the Contract Territory consistent with the Parties' Target
     Agreement and enhance the image of Contract Goods.

(2)  Each retail sales outlet, showroom and service facility must:

     (i)  be at a location approved by smart gmbh and comply with applicable
          smart Dealership Must Standards and smart gmbh's requirements; and

     (ii) unless otherwise agreed to by smart gmbh, be continuously used for the
          sale or servicing of Contract Goods during the term of the agreement
          with the Authorized Reseller.

5.5  BUSINESS SYSTEMS

(1)  DISTRIBUTOR and its Authorized Resellers shall maintain accounting, order,
     inventory control, and warranty claim processing systems and records in a
     manner acceptable to smart gmbh. DISTRIBUTOR and its Authorized Resellers
     (through DISTRIBUTOR) shall provide to smart gmbh business management
     reports at the times and in the form smart gmbh requests, including but not
     limited to sales, service, and warranty claims reports, financial reports
     and operating statements, Parts sales and stock reports as well as customer
     databases and information. Unless otherwise instructed by smart gmbh.
     DISTRIBUTOR and its Authorized Resellers shall retain all books and records
     for at least six years or such longer period as may be required under
     Applicable Law.

(2)  DISTRIBUTOR and its Authorized Resellers shall maintain an electronic data
     storage, transmission and communication system ("Systems") in the manner
     and form smart gmbh recommends from time to time, smart gmbh may provide
     DISTRIBUTOR and its Authorized Resellers with system equipment, hardware
     and/or software or may require DISTRIBUTOR and its Authorized Resellers to
     purchase or lease such equipment, hardware and/or software. If smart gmbh
     provides DISTRIBUTOR and its Authorized Resellers with equipment, hardware
     or software, DISTRIBUTOR and its Authorized Resellers shall:


                                                                    Page 9 of 86

<PAGE>

     (i)  safeguard such equipment, hardware or software, and will not allow its
          use for any purpose other than that authorized by smart gmbh;

     (ii) not copy, disassemble, transmit, modify, use or take any action (or
          allow any other person to do any of these things) that may violate any
          license for the software (or firmware contained in the hardware) that
          smart gmbh may have been granted or which smart gmbh may grant to
          DISTRIBUTOR and its Authorized Resellers; and

     (iii) not transfer or allow the transfer of the equipment, hardware or
          software to anyone without the consent of smart gmbh.

(3)  DISTRIBUTOR and its Authorized Resellers shall observe the rules, terms and
     conditions relating to the use of Systems and related equipment, hardware
     and software from time to time implemented by smart gmbh. All
     communications, including orders for Contract Goods, claims, and notices
     submitted through the Systems using DISTRIBUTOR's numbers, codes and
     passwords are valid and legally binding upon DISTRIBUTOR, and all such
     orders, notices or communications are valid and legally binding orders,
     notices and communications, as the case may be, as if DISTRIBUTOR had
     submitted such order, notice or communication to smart gmbh in writing, and
     is deemed to be "signed" or "sealed" by DISTRIBUTOR as if in writing and
     signed or sealed by or on behalf of DISTRIBUTOR by hand, for purposes of
     any law requiring an order for goods or services, notices or communications
     to be in writing and to be signed or sealed. All uses of identification
     numbers, codes and passwords for the Systems shall be presumed to be
     authorized by DISTRIBUTOR until DISTRIBUTOR notifies smart gmbh that the
     number, code or password a compromised, smart gmbh will cancel and will
     issue a new password to DISTRIBUTOR whenever DISTRIBUTOR indicates the
     password is compromised, smart gmbh is not liable for any delays or lack of
     access to any System arising from such cancellation.

(4)  DISTRIBUTOR shall maintain electronic data and communication systems
     necessary for compliance with the Transportation Recall, Enhancement,
     Accountability and Documentation (TREAD) Act of 2000 (The "TREAD Act"
     (which term shall include any successor Federal statute)) and all
     regulations implementing the TREAD Act, DISTRIBUTOR shall establish and
     maintain in a manner acceptable to smart gmbh systems capable of
     communicating with the electronic data and communication systems maintained
     by smart gmbh and with those established by the National Highway Traffic
     Safely Administration (or any successor government agency) for submissions
     required of DISTRIBUTOR as an importer (and, thus, considered the
     manufacturer) or distributor of vehicles in the US, pursuant to the TREAD
     Act.

     To the extent information necessary for submission under the TREAD Act is
     in the exclusive control of smart gmbh or another DaimlerChrysler Group
     Company, smart gmbh shall make such information available to DISTRIBUTOR
     through smart gmbh's existing electronic data and communication systems.
     DISTRIBUTOR shall be responsible for establishing connection to smart
     gmbh's electronic data and communication systems through a single smart
     gmbh source sufficient to ensure receipt of all information required to be
     submitted under the TREAD Act. The systems must be capable of receiving all
     communications relating to the information listed in the ANNEX 9.

(5)  DISTRIBUTOR shall establish and maintain in a manner acceptable to smart
     gmbh systems sufficient to ensure full compliance by DISTRIBUTOR with all
     record-keeping and administrative requirements of vehicle safety and
     emissions laws and regulations applicable to DISTRIBUTOR as an importer or
     distributor of vehicles in the United States, including but not limited to
     systems necessary to track warranty claims for emissions and safety
     compliance and respond to all inquiries from any government entity that
     oversees and/or implements those laws and regulations.

(6)  DISTRIBUTOR shall establish and at all times maintain electronic data and
     communication systems in a manner acceptable to smart gmbh capable of
     receiving information from smart gmbh in any way relating to field actions,
     service campaigns or recalls relating to the Contract Goods, as set forth
     in ANNEX 10.


                                                                   Page 10 of 86

<PAGE>

5.6  MANAGEMENT PERSONNEL

(1)  DISTRIBUTOR and its Authorized Resellers shall employ qualified personnel,
     including a General Manager, a Finance Manager, a Sales Manager, a Parts
     Manager and a Service Manager. These positions may be combined with the
     prior consent of smart gmbh. Such employees of DISTRIBUTOR and its
     Authorized Resellers shall not, without the prior consent of smart gmbh,
     engage or participate in operating, selling or servicing, as the case may
     be, of any brand of vehicles or parts other than Contract Goods.

(2)  DISTRIBUTOR represents and warrants that each individual listed in ANNEX 2,
     under the heading "Management and Signatory Authority", holds the position
     indicated and has authority to execute agreements and other documents
     relating to this Agreement for DISTRIBUTOR, either jointly or severally, as
     indicated. DISTRIBUTOR authorizes smart gmbh to rely on any writing signed
     by these individuals, either jointly or severally, as indicated.

(3)  DISTRIBUTOR represents and warrants that each individual designated as key
     personnel in ANNEX 2, under the heading "Key Personnel", will participate
     actively, substantially and continuously in DISTRIBUTOR's business
     operations relating to this Agreement and that DISTRIBUTOR will notify
     smart gmbh immediately if any key personnel stops participating actively,
     substantially and continuously in such operations, obtain smart gmbh's
     prior approval of any replacement for such key personnel, and appoint a
     replacement approved by smart gmbh within reasonable time.

5.7  TRAINING

DISTRIBUTOR shall keep its own personnel and its Authorized Resellers advised of
all information received from smart gmbh. Furthermore, DISTRIBUTOR and its
Authorized Resellers shall participate in sales, service, parts, technical,
business systems and other training courses smart gmbh offers or organizes from
time to time as smart gmbh may direct. DISTRIBUTOR and its Authorized Resellers
shall pay the direct costs of such training as may be assessed by smart gmbh,
and the indirect costs of such training that smart gmbh may reasonably incur
(including travel expenses) for such training.


                                                                   Page 11 of 86

<PAGE>

ARTICLE 6 - SERVICE AND WARRANTY

6.1  SERVICE OR CONTRACT GOODS

(1)  DISTRIBUTOR and its Authorized Resellers shall provide service (servicing,
     maintenance and repair work) for all Contract Goods including versions of
     equal goods not intended for safe in the Contract Territory. The preceding
     sentence shall apply in each case, regardless of whether the goods are in
     the Contract Territory temporarily or permanently, or where or by whom the
     goods were acquired, or whether they are new or used. All customers and
     their Vehicles shall be treated with equal care. The service must conform
     to the applicable smart Dealership Must Standards as well as smart gmbh's
     requirements and other manuals, guidelines or materials.

(2)  DISTRIBUTOR shall establish a Service Coordination Center in conformity
     with the requirements of smart gmbh, if so required by smart gmbh. Such
     Service Coordination Center will be responsible for coordinating service
     related tasks, implementing service related smart Dealership Standards as
     well as smart gmbh's requirements and such other tasks as may be from time
     to time assigned by smart gmbh.

(3)  DISTRIBUTOR and its Authorized Resellers shall acquire and maintain
     equipment and tools required for properly servicing Contract Goods as
     determined by smart gmbh.

6.2  AUTHORIZED RESELLER'S WARRANTY

(1)  DISTRIBUTOR and its Authorized Resellers shall at their respective facility
     locations perform warranty work for Contract Goods including versions of
     equal goods not intended for sale in the Contract Territory. The preceding
     sentence shall apply in each case, regardless of whether the goods are in
     the Contract Territory temporarily or permanently, or where or by whom the
     goods were acquired.

(2)  Warranty operations and processes shall be in accordance with the
     DaimlerChrysler Warranty Procedure Manual or other manual established by
     smart gmbh ("Warranty Manual") in effect at the time that a warranty case
     occurs. The Warranty Manual will be made available for DISTRIBUTOR online.
     smart gmbh may at any time, with immediate effect, modify the Warranty
     Manual or implement new procedures for approving, verifying, and
     controlling the quality of warranty service and for warranty claim
     preparation. DISTRIBUTOR and its Authorized Resellers shall allow smart
     gmbh access to their respective facilities to observe the performance or
     administration of warranty service.

(3)  Warranty obligations shall follow the warranty terms provided by smart gmbh
     for the Contract Territory. If DISTRIBUTOR or its Authorized Resellers are
     obliged by Applicable Law to provide more extensive warranty, they shall
     notify smart gmbh. If DISTRIBUTOR or its Authorized Resellers feel that
     more extensive warranty should be provided in the Contract Territory for
     other reasons, they shall only provide that warranty with smart gmbh's
     prior consent. Warranty obligations for equal goods purchased outside the
     Contract Territory shall follow the warranty terms that apply in the place
     of purchase outside the Contract Territory if DISTRIBUTOR is made aware of
     them in writing. In all of the cases referred to in this Clause (3), smart
     gmbh (or the DaimlerChrysler Group Company or licensee selling the goods)
     shall only be liable for the warranty coverage provided by it to the first
     purchaser.

(4)  DISTRIBUTOR shall ensure that all warranty claims are settled in accordance
     with the Warranty Manual and without delay. Depending on the technical
     requirements, warranty work shall consist either of replacement or repair,
     without any charge to the customer for labor, parts, freight and customs
     duty.

(5)  DISTRIBUTOR and its Authorized Resellers shall use only Parts for warranty
     work.

(6)  smart gmbh (or the DaimlerChrysler Group Company or the smart gmbh approved
     licensee selling the Contract Goods to DISTRIBUTOR) will reimburse
     DISTRIBUTOR for approved warranty


                                                                   Page 12 of 86
<PAGE>

     service required under this Agreement at the rates and time allowances
     smart gmbh establishes from time to time as defined in Annex 5.

(7)  DISTRIBUTOR shall submit defective parts within warranty or other claims
     for reimbursements no later than 30 days after date of repair to smart gmbh
     as determined in the process defined by smart gmbh in accordance with the
     procedures specified in the Warranty Manual and other materials in effect
     at the time of such submission.

(8)  The terms of Clauses(1) through (6) above apply with equal force to free
     servicing, goodwill repairs and vehicle recall activities paid for by smart
     gmbh in whole or In part.

(9)  If DISTRIBUTOR or its Authorized Resellers gain knowledge of any defect
     that may impair the safety of smart gmbh's products or that may otherwise
     be required to be notified by laws applicable to smart gmbh or any
     DaimlerChrysler Group Company, they shall immediately inform smart gmbh,
     irrespective of whether the defect occurred during or after expiration of
     the warranty period. The same shall apply to defects which are frequent or
     costly.

(10) DISTRIBUTOR shall implement a system for localization, blocking and
     registration of vehicles with definite defects in vehicles with VIN
     notified by smart gmbh, and for realization of rework measures.

(11) DISTRIBUTOR and its Authorized Resellers will conduct all field actions,
     service campaigns and recalls in a manner consistent with the policies and
     procedures established by smart gmbh from time to time, as set forth in
     ANNEX 10.

(12) Notwithstanding any other provision of this agreement, smart gmbh will not
     reimburse DISTRIBUTOR for any expenses related to field actions or recalls
     undertaken to address vehicle deficiencies, including any field actions or
     recalls initiated by DISTRIBUTOR to comply with safety or emissions laws
     and regulations, unless DISTRIBUTOR provides smart gmbh with prior written
     description of the intended action prior to communicating the action to
     customers or government agencies or otherwise initiating the field action
     or recall.

(13) DISTRIBUTOR and its Authorized Resellers shall not alter or modify any
     Contract Good without smart gmbh's prior written approval and then only in
     a manner smart gmbh authorizes, unless such authorization or modification
     has been ordered by an end user and concerns a particular Vehicle purchased
     by that end user, provided, that such alteration or modification shall not
     under any circumstances impair the roadworthiness, operating safety, or
     emissions compliance of the Vehicle. However, smart gmbh does not warrant
     or guarantee any alteration or modifications to, or the effect of such
     alterations or modifications on, Contract Goods.

6.3 DISTRIBUTOR'S WARRANTY

In addition to the warranty set forth in Article 6.2 above, DISTRIBUTOR shall
grant to customers a warranty fulfilling, as a minimum, the criteria defined in
ANNEX 5. In addition to the warranty, DISTRIBUTOR plans to offer a 24 hours/ 7
days Roadside Assistance Program to its Authorized Resellers' new Vehicles
retail customers. The terms of this Program will be provided by DISTRIBUTOR to
smart gmbh prior to the commencement of the Program and annually thereafter,
smart gmbh will reimburse DISTRIBUTOR for its accrued coats of the conduct of
the Program for the prior year in total up to a maximum of * US$ multiplied by
the number of Vehicles sold to an end-customer during that same prior year by
DISTRIBUTOR, DISTRIBUTOR's Authorized Resellers and by others as permitted by
Section 1.3 of this Agreement ("Formula Vehicles"). Such reimbursement shall
continue during this Agreement, including for accrued costs of the Program
during the last year of this Agreement. Should the DISTRIBUTOR's accrued costs
of the conduct of the Program for the year which are not reimbursable by smart
gmbh exceed * US$ multiplied by the number of the Formula Vehicles, the Parties
shall discuss and agree upon a new maximum amount during the period March 1st to
May 1st of the year or years following the year that such excess costs were
accrued by DISTRIBUTOR.

*    Confidential portions omitted and filed separately with the Securities and
     Exchange Commission pursuant to an application for confidential treatment
     pursuant to Rule 24b-2 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as
     amended.


                                                                   Page 13 of 86

<PAGE>

6.4 ALTERATION AND EQUIPMENT INSTALLATION

DISTRIBUTOR and its Authorized Resellers shall not alter or modify any Contract
Good without smart gmbh's prior written approval and then only in the manner
smart gmbh authorizes, unless such alteration or modification has been ordered
by an end user and concerns a particular Vehicle purchased by that end user,
provided, that such alteration or modification shall not under any circumstances
impair the roadworthiness, emissions compliance, as operating safety of the
Vehicle. However, smart gmbh does not warrant nor guarantee any alteration or
modification to or the effect of such alteration or modification on, Contract
Goods.

6.5 PARTS

DISTRIBUTOR and its Authorized Resellers shall only sell or use Parts in
repairing and maintaining Contract Goods or those approved by smart gmbh.

6.6 TECHNICAL PUBLICATIONS

(1)  DISTRIBUTOR and its Authorized Resellers shall each maintain on organized
     library of smart gmbh's technical service publications (including, without
     limitation, service and diagnostic manuals, service and recall bulletins
     and applicable labor time schedules) for Contract Goods as may be from time
     to time supplied by smart gmbh. DISTRIBUTOR and its Authorized Resellers
     shall at all times utilize all lawful methods to access those of smart
     gmbh's databases, electronic media information services and websites that
     have been opened for them. DISTRIBUTOR and its Authorized Resellers shall
     observe the rules, terms and conditions relating to the use of the Systems
     from time to time implemented by smart gmbh.

(2)  If DISTRIBUTOR or any of its Authorized Resellers undertakes to translate
     any of the publications into any language other than the language of the
     publications as provided by smart gmbh, the copyright therein is owned by
     smart gmbh (or other appropriate DaimlerChrysler Group Company) in its
     entirety. To the extent DISTRIBUTOR and its Authorized Resellers have any
     interest in that copyright, whether by means of the work of their employees
     in translating such publications or otherwise, DISTRIBUTOR shall (and shall
     cause its Authorized Resellers to) transfer to smart gmbh (or other
     appropriate DaimlerChrysler Group Company), without charge, fee or cost,
     all their respective rights, title and interest relating to any copyright
     rights they may acquire in the translation. All those translations must
     bear a valid copyright notice designating smart gmbh (or the appropriate
     DaimlerChrysler Group Company) as the copyright owner.

(3)  DISTRIBUTOR is responsible for ensuring that all publications conform to
     Applicable Law. If DISTRIBUTOR believes that any publication may not
     conform to Applicable Law, DISTRIBUTOR shall notify smart gmbh of the part
     that may not so conform and any proposed revisions. DISTRIBUTOR shall not
     make any revisions to any publication without the consent of smart gmbh.

ARTICLE 7- PROMOTION, ADVERTISING AND SIGNAGE

7.1 PROMOTION AND ADVERTISING

(1)  DISTRIBUTOR and its Authorized Resellers shall actively market Contract
     Goods (as well as used cars and other services) throughout the Contract
     Territory through advertising, promotion and other activities in order to
     fulfill the potential of the market and to ensure the continued growth,
     awareness and positive regard for Contract Goods.

(2)  DISTRIBUTOR's and its Authorized Resellers' marketing strategy and
     advertising and promotional materials, including their internet activities,
     must:

     (i)  be consistent with the applicable smart Dealership Must Standards as
          well as smart gmbh's brand representation and identification standards
          and smart gmbh's product claims (including attributes and
          performance); and


                                                                   Page 14 of 86

<PAGE>

     (ii) comply with smart gmbh's directives, standards and processes as may be
          issued by smart gmbh from time to time (including any standards from
          time to time set out in marketing standards manuals and product
          information bulletins).

(3)  Upon smart gmbh's request, DISTRIBUTOR shall submit, at least three months
     prior to the commencement of each Sales Period, its comprehensive
     advertising and marketing plan for each Sales Period to smart gmbh for its
     review and approval. DISTRIBUTOR shall provide smart gmbh with updates as
     from time to time requested by smart gmbh.

(4)  DISTRIBUTOR and its Authorized Resellers shall neither use, nor allow any
     person or entity it controls to use, any advertising or promotional
     materials that may injure smart gmbh's or any DaimlerChrysler Group
     Company's or a Contract Good's reputation or mislead the public. Upon smart
     gmbh's request, DISTRIBUTOR and its Authorized Resellers shall immediately
     stop advertising, promotion or other marketing activities - unless
     previously approved by smart gmbh - which (In the sole opinion of smart
     gmbh) do not comply with smart gmbh's guidelines or standards, are
     injurious to smart gmbh's or any DaimlerChrysler Group Company's business,
     or are likely to deceive the public, or violate any Applicable Law or
     regulation, DISTRIBUTOR and its Authorized Resellers are responsible for
     compliance with applicable laws and rules regulating marketing, advertising
     and promotional matters.

(5)  DISTRIBUTOR shall keep smart gmbh informed of all marketing, advertising
     and promotional activities implemented by DISTRIBUTOR and its Authorized
     Resellers as well as the results of such activities. DISTRIBUTOR agrees
     that smart gmbh may provide to other authorized members of the global
     DaimlerChrysler sales and service network, as an exchange of information,
     any marketing, advertising or promotional materials used by DISTRIBUTOR or
     its Authorized Resellers, subject to any Applicable Law or regulation
     governing privacy of consumers, confidentiality of information or other
     laws or regulations.

(6)  DISTRIBUTOR and its Authorized Resellers, upon smart gmbh's request, shall
     continuously coordinate and participate in:

     (i)  any dealer advertising program or association for any of the Vehicles;
          and

     (ii) any Parts merchandising programs.

(7)  DISTRIBUTOR and its Authorized Resellers shall not distribute or sell
     merchandise (other than Contract Goods) or promotional materials bearing or
     using in any way any smart Mark or otherwise relating in any way to
     Contract Goods or any DaimlerChrysler Group Company except from a physical
     dealership or other physical location of DISTRIBUTOR or any Authorized
     Reseller within the Contract Territory. The foregoing prohibits, among
     other matters, DISTRIBUTOR and any Authorized Reseller from distributing or
     selling such merchandise or promotional materials over or using the
     internet for such purposes.

7.2 SIGNAGE

(1)  On terms approved by smart gmbh and at DISTRIBUTOR's fir its Authorized
     Reseller's expense, DISTRIBUTOR and its Authorized Resellers shall display
     at all times appropriate signs and fascia to identify its facility as an
     authorized facility for Contract Goods. These signs and fascia must comply
     with the applicable smart Dealership Must Standards and smart gmbh's
     requirements. Smart gmbh reserves the right to approve or disapprove of
     each sign's type, design and size.

(2)  smart gmbh may implement a signage program under which smart gmbh or a
     DaimlerChrysler Group Company designs, acquires and arranges for the
     installation of pre-approved signs at DISTRIBUTOR's or its Authorized
     Reseller's facilities under signage lease agreements.

(3)  Upon smart gmbh's request, DISTRIBUTOR and its Authorized Resellers shall
     sell any signage owned by them to smart gmbh or its designee at a price
     equal to the residual value of such signage determined by smart gmbh after
     allowing for all damage and wear and tear or a nominal price if no residual
     value exists.


                                                                   Page 15 of 86

<PAGE>

ARTICLE 8 - ORDERS, PRICING AND PAYMENT

8.1  ORDERS

(1)  DISTRIBUTOR shall place orders for Contract Goods through any Systems and
     in accordance with any procedures that smart gmbh may require or implement
     from time to time. All orders will be subject to terms and conditions
     (issued from time to time by smart gmbh) valid at the time of the order.
     Copies of the current terms and conditions of smart gmbh are attached
     hereto as ANNEX 6. In the event of any conflict, the provisions of this
     Agreement prevail over the terms and conditions.

(2)  smart gmbh will use its best efforts to fill all orders made by
     DISTRIBUTOR, subject to availability and production and logistic
     capacities. However, smart gmbh is free, in its sole discretion, to accept
     or reject any orders made by DISTRIBUTOR. Particularly, if demand for any
     Contract Good exceeds supply, smart gmbh may allocate supply in any manner
     it sees fit. This provision is subject to the terms of any other written
     agreement among DISTRIBUTOR and smart gmbh regarding orders of Contract
     Goods.

(3)  smart gmbh may declare any Contract Good obsolete and discontinue its
     manufacture, distribution or sale with six months written notice. This will
     not affect orders for Contract Goods accepted by smart gmbh, smart gmbh is
     not obliged to accept orders for obsolete Contract Goods except for Parts
     needed for warranty work or as replacement parts to the extent as required
     by Applicable Law. This is not intended to permit a de facto termination of
     this Agreement by smart gmbh.

(4)  smart gmbh may forward orders received from DISTRIBUTOR to another
     DaimlerChrysler Group Company or licensee which will sell the Contract
     Goods directly to DISTRIBUTOR. Unless otherwise agreed in writing with
     DISTRIBUTOR, those sales (including warranty) will be governed by the terms
     and conditions issued from time to time by the DaimlerChrysler Group
     Company or licensee selling the Contract Goods, provided such terms will
     not differ from the terms and conditions agreed upon by smart gmbh and
     DISTRIBUTOR. Those sales will not create any distributor, dealer or service
     center relationship between that DaimlerChrysler Group Company or licensee
     and DISTRIBUTOR, smart gmbh may process any claim arising from a sale by
     that DaimlerChrysler Group Company or licensee as if the sale had been made
     directly between smart gmbh and DISTRIBUTOR. DISTRIBUTOR shall process any
     right or claim arising from a sale made by that DaimlerChrysler Group
     Company or licensee to that DaimlerChrysler Group Company or licensee, and
     smart gmbh will not have any obligation, responsibility or liability in
     connection with that sale but such procedures shall not cause any higher
     IT-costs to DISTRIBUTOR.


                                                                   Page 16 of 86

<PAGE>

8.2 PRICING AND PAYMENT

*

(2)  The prices of Parts delivered by smart gmbh to DISTRIBUTOR will be
     calculated as defined in ANNEX 3.2.

(3)  Commencing 2008, the Parties will yearly, during the period January 1st
     to October 31st review and define volumes and prices (MSRP) applicable to
     Vehicles and spare parts and accessories ordered and delivered during the
     following year. Commencing 2010, the Parties will in addition yearly,
     during the period April 1st to October 31st, review and define discounts
     applicable to Vehicles and Parts ordered and delivered during the following
     year, smart gmbh (or the DaimlerChrysler Group Company or licensee selling
     the Contract Goods) may change prices or the charges for Contract Goods
     (including packing, handling and delivery charges included in prices) at
     any time, and make the changes effective immediately *

(4)  Upon smart gmbh's request, DISTRIBUTOR shall inform smart gmbh of
     DISTRIBUTOR's prices for Contract Goods to its Authorized Resellers and to
     retail customers and modify such prices based on consultations with smart
     gmbh subject to any limitations of Applicable Laws. DISTRIBUTOR and its
     Authorized Resellers shall comply with any pricing policies as may be from
     time to time established by smart gmbh, subject to any limitations of
     Applicable Laws.

(5)  DISTRIBUTOR shall promptly obtain and continuously maintain any United
     States governmental approvals required to effect any payment to smart gmbh.

ARTICLE 9 - LIABILITY AND INDEMNIFICATION

9.1 LIMITATION OR LIABILITY

(1)  Except as otherwise provided in this Agreement, either Party's liability
     for slight negligence is limited to a breach of duties essential to this
     Agreement and to typical damage foreseeable at the time of execution of
     this Agreement. This limitation does not apply to damage to life, body or
     health. As far as any damage is covered by insurance, either Party is only
     liable for costs or losses of the other Party in connection with that
     insurance.

(2)  Nothing in this Agreement, expressed or implied, is intended to give to any
     person other than the Parties any right, remedy or claim under or by reason
     of this Agreement. All covenants, stipulations, promises or agreements in
     this Agreement shall be for the sole and exclusive benefit of the Parties.

(3)  Any personal liability of either Party's legal representatives, directors,
     officers, employees and vicarious agents for slight negligence is excluded.

*    Confidential portions omitted and filed separately with the Securities and
     Exchange Commission pursuant to an application for confidential treatment
     pursuant to Rule 24b-2 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as
     amended.


                                                                   Page 17 of 86

<PAGE>

9.2 PRODUCT LIABILITY

(1)  DISTRIBUTOR shall comply with smart gmbh's rules and procedures as amended
     from time to time with respect to the analysis, determination, reporting,
     handling, and resolution of customer complaints, alleged defects, product
     liability claims, and all other product quality or safety- relevant issues.

(2)  smart gmbh shall indemnify DISTRIBUTOR or its Authorized Resellers
     (hereinafter "Indemnitees") from all Idemnifiable Costs that the
     Indemnitees may incur, become liable for, or that may be asserted or
     claimed against the Indemnitees as a result of alleged bodily injury or
     property damage claimed in a product liability claim or lawsuit, if and to
     the extent that a court of competent jurisdiction determines after trial
     and exhaustion of all appeals that:

     a)   a purported design defect or defect (including in materials or
          workmanship) created by the manufacturer (or manufacturer's suppliers,
          but not Distributor's supplier (other than smart GmbH or its
          affiliates)) in the relevant Vehicle (or its systems or components)
          manufacture or assembly allegedly caused the bodily injury or property
          damage beyond that to the relevant Vehicle themselves;

     b)   DISTRIBUTOR or its Authorized Resellers could not reasonably have
          discovered the defect during the Vehicle preparation or subsequent
          required servicing, maintenance and repair work (including service and
          recall action service measures) and could not reasonably have taken
          action to effectively remedy the defect; and

     c)   DISTRIBUTOR or its Authorized Resellers did not negligently fail to
          otherwise prevent the occurrence of the alleged bodily injury or
          property damage.

(3)  "Idemnifiable Costs" means in relation to any particular matter:

     (i)  all claims, penalties, fines, judgments or administrative actions
          made, imposed, rendered or taken against an Indemnitee with respect to
          that matter, and all settlements to resolve an Indemnitee's alleged
          liability for that matter;

     (ii) all reasonable costs and expenses (including the fees and
          disbursements of counsel or other advisors} incurred by an Indemnitee
          in assessing and defending against any alleged liability which would,
          if successfully asserted, be indemnifiable under clause (i); and

     (iii) all losses and direct damages incurred by an Indemnitee by reason of
          that matter.

(4)  To qualify for indemnification, DISTRIBUTOR and its Authorized Resellers
     shall assist and provide support to smart gmbh where necessary to resolve
     all product liability matters. The assistance and support of DISTRIBUTOR
     and its Authorized Resellers shall include, but not be limited to, the
     following:

     (i)  comply with the rules and procedures referenced in section 9.2.1 and
          promptly report to smart gmbh any discovered design defect or defect
          created by the manufacturer;

     (ii) immediately report to smart gmbh any actual or threatened product
          liability claim or lawsuit, and provide all information about the
          circumstances that gave rise to the claim or lawsuit, including an
          identification of the particular Relevant Vehicle at issue;

     (iii) secure evidence that is in the possession of, or that can be
          reasonably obtained by, DISTRIBUTOR or its Authorized Resellers that
          relates to the product liability claim, including a copy of any claim
          letter, complaint, court notice or other legal documents relating to
          the claim or lawsuit as well as a copy of any police or accident
          reports or pertinent photographs;

     (iv) notify smart gmbh in writing of its intent to seek indemnification
          within 10 business days of service of a complaint, claim letter, or
          other document identifying an actual or threatened claim or lawsuit;


                                                                   Page 18 of 86

<PAGE>

     (v)  refrain from any action or omission that could substantially impair
          the defense of the claim or lawsuit and shall fully cooperate with
          smart gmbh in defending the claim or lawsuit; and

     (vii) provide smart gmbh with any information, requested by smart gmbh,
          that is in the possession of DISTRIBUTOR or its Authorized Resellers.

(5)  smart gmbh or its designee can assume the defense of or intervene in the
     lawsuit at any time, including during appellate proceedings.

     (i) In the event that smart gmbh assumes the defense of a claim or lawsuit,
     smart gmbh shall maintain control of such defense, including the selection
     of legal counsel, the formulation of legal strategy, and any decision as to
     settlement. To the extent that Indemnitees incur any attorney's fees or
     costs in defending against a claim or lawsuit following smart gmbh's
     assumption of the defense of such claim or lawsuit, smart gmbh shall be
     under no obligation to reimburse the Indemnitees for such attorney's fees
     or costs, smart gmbh shall not be liable for any compromise or settlement
     made by one or more Indemnitees without the consent of smart gmbh.

     (ii) In agreeing to defend, smart gmbh may make its agreement conditional
     on the continued existence of the state of facts as then known to such
     parties, and may provide for the withdrawal of such defense at such time as
     facts arise which, if known at the time of the original request for a
     defense, would have caused smart gmbh to refuse such a request. If smart
     gmbh withdraws from its agreement to defend, in whole or in part, It shall
     give timely notice of its intent to so withdraw. Such notice shall be in
     writing and shall be effective upon receipt.

(6)  If DISTRIBUTOR or any of its Authorized Resellers falls to comply with the
     requirements specified in this Article 9, then smart gmbh shall have no
     obligation to indemnify DISTRIBUTOR or such Authorized Reseller.

9.3 FORCE MAJEURE

(1)  A Party's failure or delay in performing any of its obligations under this
     Agreement will not be deemed a breach of this Agreement to the extent that
     such failure or delay is directly due to any Force Majeure Event.

(2)  "Force Majeure Event" means any event:

     (i)  that is beyond the affected Party's reasonable control;

     (ii) the occurrence of which the affected Party could not reasonably be
          expected to take into account at the time of entering into this
          Agreement; and

     (iii) the effects of which the affected Party could not reasonably have
          avoided or overcome.

(3)  A default or delay by a third party whom the affected Party has engaged to
     perform the whole or part Of this Agreement will be deemed a Force Majeure
     Event if and to the extent that:

     (i)  the affected Party establishes the requirements set out in Clause (1);
          and

     (ii) the affected Party proves that the same requirements apply to the
          third party.

(4)  In the absence of proof to the contrary and unless otherwise agreed in this
     Agreement expressly or impliedly, a Party invoking a Force Majeure Event
     shall be presumed to have established the conditions described in Clauses
     (2) (i) and (ii) in case of the occurrence of one or more of the following
     events:

     (i)  war (whether declared or not), armed conflict or the serious threat of
          same (including but not limited to hostile attack, blockade, military
          embargo) hostilities, invasion, act of a foreign enemy, extensive
          military mobilization;

     (ii) civil war, riot, rebellion and revolution, military or usurped power,
          insurrection, civil


                                                                   Page 19 of 86

<PAGE>

          commotion or disorder, mob violence, act of civil disobedience;

     (iii) act of terrorism, sabotage or piracy;

     (iv) act of authority whether lawful or unlawful, compliance with any law
          or governmental order, rule, regulation or direction, curfew
          restriction, expropriation, compulsory acquisition, seizure of works,
          requisition, nationalization;

     (v)  act of God, plague, epidemic, natural disaster such as but not limited
          to violent storm, cyclone, typhoon, hurricane, tornado, blizzard,
          earthquake, volcanic activity, landslide, tidal wave, tsunami, flood,
          damage or destruction by lightning, drought;

     (vi) explosion, fire, destruction of machines, equipment, factories and of
          any kind of installation, prolonged break-down of transport,
          telecommunication or electric current; and

     (vii) general labor disturbance such as but not limited to boycott, strike
          and lock-out, go-slow, occupation of factories and premises.

          Adverse economic conditions or general financial or operational
          constraints are not deemed to be a Force Majeure Event.

(5)  The consequences set out in Clause (1) apply from the time at which the
     Force Majeure Event causes the failure to perform or the delay, if the
     affected Party has given notice thereof without delay, or, if the affected
     Party has not given notice thereof without delay, from the time at which
     notice thereof reaches the other Party.

(6)  Where the effect of the Force Majeure Event is temporary, the consequences
     set out under Clause (1) shall apply only to the extent that and as long as
     the Force Majeure Event impedes performance by the affected Party of its
     contractual duties. Where this Clause applies, the affected Party shall
     notify the other Party as soon as the Force Majeure Event ceases to impede
     performance of its contractual duties.

(7)  The affected Party shall:

     (i)  consult with the other Party concerning suitable interim arrangements
          and exercise due diligence to eliminate or remedy the Force Majeure
          Event; and

     (ii) continue performance as soon as reasonably possible after such cause
          of failure is removed.

ARTICLE 10 - DESIGNATION AND MARKS

10.1 DESIGNATION

DISTRIBUTOR has the right and the duty during the term of and for activities in
connection with this Agreement to style itself in all documents, notices and
advertisements as set forth in ANNEX 2, under the heading "Designation".

10.2 USE OF SMART MARKS

Within the scope of the activities under this Agreement, DISTRIBUTOR and its
Authorized Resellers may use certain marks of smart gmbh in accordance with the
Trade and Service Marks Licensing Clauses set forth in ANNEX 7, which are an
integral part of this Agreement.

10.3 COMPANY NAME

DISTRIBUTOR is permitted to use the smart word Mark in the combination "smart
USA" as an integral part of its company name while distributing the Contract
Goods. All such uses of the smart word Mark shall inure to the benefit of smart
gmbh, DISTRIBUTOR hereby assigns and transfers to smart gmbh any and all rights
arising of such uses except the rights granted by smart gmbh to DISTRIBUTOR
under this Agreement. ANNEX 7 applies accordingly.


                                                                   Page 20 of 86

<PAGE>

10.4 TERM OF USE

DISTRIBUTOR's right to use the smart word Mark in this way shall automatically
terminate upon the expiration or termination of this Agreement. Notwithstanding,
in case the Contract Goods are, upon termination of the Distributor Agreement,
not resold to smart gmbh, but remain with DISTRIBUTOR according to article 14.4
(viii) and 14.4 (ix) of the Distributor Agreement, it may have a limited right
to use the smart Marks as defined in Annex 7.

ARTICLE 11 - STATUS AND OWNERSHIP OF DISTRIBUTOR

11.1 STATUS OF DISTRIBUTOR

(1)  DISTRIBUTOR and its Authorized Resellers are independent contractors and
     shall buy and sell Contract Goods under this Agreement as an independent
     business for their own account. This Agreement does not make DISTRIBUTOR or
     any of its Authorized Resellers a general or special agent, partner, joint
     venturer or employee of any DaimlerChrysler Group Company and does not
     create any fiduciary relationship or any other relationship of trust or
     confidence.

(2)  DISTRIBUTOR and its Authorized Resellers have no authority to make binding
     obligations for or act on behalf of any DaimlerChrysler Group Company.
     DISTRIBUTOR and its Authorized Resellers shall not represent, directly or
     by implication, to their customers or other third parties that they have
     such authority.

(3)  DISTRIBUTOR shall maintain a financial structure and sufficient
     capitalization to act as a Vehicle importer and distributor in the United
     States, as further described in Article 12.1. As a Vehicle importer and
     distributor in the United States, DISTRIBUTOR and its Authorized Resellers
     shall comply with all U.S. (i) motor vehicle importation requirements, (ii)
     Vehicle Safety Requirements, (iii) Environmental Protection Agency
     Requirements, and (iv) the emission requirements for the states of
     California, New York, New Jersey, Connecticut, Massachusetts, Maine, Rhode
     Island, and Vermont; provided that smart gmbh shall provide DISTRIBUTOR
     with Vehicles prior to importation that are in compliance with all
     applicable emissions and safety laws.

11.2 DISTRIBUTOR'S AUTHORITY AND OWNERSHIP

(1)  DISTRIBUTOR represents, warrants and covenants that:

     (i)  it is duly organized, validly existing and in good standing under
          Applicable Laws, and has and will always have full authority and all
          permits, authorizations and licenses necessary or advisable to enter
          into or perform its obligations under this Agreement;

     (ii) the individuals or entities listed in ANNEX 2, under the heading
          "Ownership Interests", own all of DISTRIBUTOR's voting securities or
          other ownership interests in the percentages shown in ANNEX 2; and

     (iii) the individuals and entities listed in Annex 2, under the headings
          "Ownership Interests" and "Key Personnel", have not been subject to
          any voluntary or involuntary bankruptcy or insolvency proceedings, or
          engage in or are charged with practices that constitute an offense
          under any anti-bribery, anti-corruption, export control, competition,
          tax, stock exchange or corporate governance legislation or that
          jeopardize smart gmbh's good name and goodwill, or act in a manner
          which substantially and adversely affects the reputation, distribution
          and promotion of smart gmbh's or any DaimlerChrysler Group Company's
          goods and services, and those individuals are, in addition, not
          charged with or convicted of any offense punishable by imprisonment
          for more than one year, or a crime involving dishonesty, false
          statement or theft.

(2)  DISTRIBUTOR shall notify and request the approval of smart gmbh at least
     sixty days prior to any proposed change in:


                                                                   Page 21 of 86
<PAGE>

     (i)  the senior management of DISTRIBUTOR or the legal or beneficial
          ownership of any of DISTRIBUTOR's voting securities or other ownership
          interests;

     (ii) the name or form of DISTRIBUTOR's legal entity; or

     (iii) the location of DISTRIBUTOR's principle place of business.

(3)  No such changes may be made without smart gmbh's prior consent. DISTRIBUTOR
     shall provide smart gmbh complete and accurate information as to any voting
     trusts, shareholders' agreements or other agreements or undertakings
     affecting the voting of DISTRIBUTOR's voting securities or other ownership
     interests and their beneficial ownership.

(4)  If DISTRIBUTOR has owners other than natural persons. DISTRIBUTOR shall
     promptly provide smart gmbh complete and accurate information as to such
     owners, including their ownership percentages and ultimate controlling
     parties. If any ultimate controlling party is a publicly-traded
     corporation, DISTRIBUTOR shall also promptly provide any information
     disseminated publicly to its or such controlling party's shareholders, or
     disclosed to governmental regulatory agencies, as smart gmbh may from time
     to time request.

ARTICLE 12 - FINANCIAL STRUCTURE, BOOKS, RECORDS AND ACCOUNTS, STATEMENTS AND
AUDIT

12.1 FINANCIAL STRUCTURE, BOOKS, RECORDS AND ACCOUNTS, AND STATEMENTS

(1)  DISTRIBUTOR and its Authorized Resellers shall maintain a sound financial
     structure with a working capital level and financing capability that
     satisfy the operating requirements of DISTRIBUTOR or its Authorized
     Resellers, as the case may be. In particular, the working capital level and
     financing capability must be sufficient for meeting the smart Dealership
     Standards, smart gmbh's requirements as well as any Minimum Sales Volumes
     and other targets as per the Target Agreements under this Agreement, and
     must be acceptable to smart gmbh. At no time may DISTRIBUTOR's working
     capital dedicated to its operations related to Contract Goods be less than
     the amount specified by smart gmbh from time to time.

(2)  DISTRIBUTOR represents, warrants and covenants that it will not create,
     grant or issue any security, charge or rights over or affecting any
     substantial part or the whole of the business, assets or undertakings of
     DISTRIBUTOR (other than liens in the nature of "floor plan" or inventory
     financing liens and others in the ordinary course of business) without or
     in violation of the terms of smart gmbh's prior consent. DISTRIBUTOR shall
     notify smart gmbh of its intent to take any such measure at least thirty
     (30) days prior to the intended date of that measure.

(3)  DISTRIBUTOR and its Authorized Resellers shall maintain books, records and
     accounts which, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the
     transactions and dispositions of their assets.

(4)  DISTRIBUTOR shall send to smart gmbh a balance sheet and profit and loss
     statement for its operations relating to the sale, distribution and service
     of Contract Goods within ninety days after each fiscal year-end. These
     statements shall be prepared in accordance with international accounting
     standards applicable to the DISTRIBUTOR in the United States of America
     (US-GAAP) and, if requested by smart gmbh, certified by a public auditor
     retained by DISTRIBUTOR. If requested by smart gmbh, DISTRIBUTOR shall
     submit an unaudited interim balance sheet and profit and loss statement for
     each fiscal quarter or such other period as smart gmbh may specify within
     thirty days in preliminary version and within sixty days in final version
     after each quarter or such period, as appropriate. If requested by smart
     gmbh, DISTRIBUTOR shall provide the same financial reporting for any entity
     or group of entities that, directly or indirectly, owns 50% or more of
     DISTRIBUTOR's voting securities or other ownership interests.

12.2 AUDIT

(1)  DISTRIBUTOR and its Authorized Resellers shall permit smart gmbh and its
     representatives during normal office hours to examine and make copies of
     DISTRIBUTOR's and its Authorized Resellers' books and records relating to
     the purchase, sale, distribution and servicing of Contract


                                                                   Page 22 of 86

<PAGE>

     Goods (including, warranty services or claims and sales and incentive
     programs), to verify compliance by DISTRIBUTOR and its Authorized Resellers
     with the terms of this Agreement and the smart Dealership Standards as well
     as smart gmbh's requirement, and to assess DISTRIBUTOR's and its Authorized
     Resellers' rating in any customer satisfaction program.

(2)  DISTRIBUTOR and its Authorized Resellers shall assist smart gmbh and its
     representatives in every way to carry out their tasks, in particular by
     promptly providing all information and materials and by permitting
     unhindered access and inspection of the books and records. If duplicating
     facilities are not available on DISTRIBUTOR's or its Authorized Resellers'
     premises, smart gmbh or its representatives may remove the books and
     records from the premises for purposes of making copies.

(3)  All payments made by smart gmbh to DISTRIBUTOR or its Authorized Resellers
     deriving from warranty, sales incentive or other claims are subject to the
     results of possible audits that may be performed at any time by or at the
     request of smart gmbh. Any discrepancies between the information provided
     by DISTRIBUTOR or its Authorized Resellers and the results of any such
     audit may result in non-payment or chargeback of the claims, smart gmbh
     may chargeback DISTRIBUTOR on any credit account DISTRIBUTOR may have at
     smart gmbh or by direct billing for all or any part of the payments
     deriving from warranty, sales incentive and or any sums that may be
     otherwise due and owing to smart gmbh related to smart gmbh's programs or
     other claims that have been paid by smart gmbh and for which the required
     evidence is lacking. In addition, smart gmbh may take other action either
     under this Agreement or otherwise as it deems appropriate in the event that
     it reasonably believes that DISTRIBUTOR or its Authorized Resellers have
     failed to comply with the procedures required to make claims for payment
     under smart gmbh's programs, including set-off against any amounts that may
     be owed by smart gmbh. If there will be a set-off, smart gmbh will document
     the reasons for the set-off prior to taking such action and provide such
     documentation to DISTRIBUTOR or its Authorized Reseller prior to the
     set-off.

ARTICLE 13 - OTHER OBLIGATIONS OF DISTRIBUTOR

13.1 DEAL INFORMATION AND ASSISTANCE

(1)  DISTRIBUTOR and its Authorized Resellers (through DISTRIBUTOR) shall
     promptly notify smart gmbh of any potential offer to sell or sale of
     Contract Goods that they, for any reasons whatsoever, are unable to make.

(2)  DISTRIBUTOR shall provide such general information, cooperation and
     assistance as may be from time to time requested by smart gmbh in
     connection with the business of distribution of Contract Goods (including,
     but not limited to, direct offers or sales by smart gmbh in the Contract
     Territory) and any vehicle homologation and related issues, subject to the
     provision of Clause 1.3.

13.2 CUSTOMER DATA

DISTRIBUTOR and its Authorized Resellers shall collect all customer data suited
for identifying existing and potential customers of Contract Goods and for
developing marketing concepts and such other customer information as required by
smart gmbh. DISTRIBUTOR and its Authorized Resellers shall provide any and all
of this date and information to smart gmbh in a form and manner as requested by
smart gmbh from time to time. Collection of customer data by DISTRIBUTOR and
its Authorized Resellers, and use by smart gmbh, shall comply with applicable
legal requirements.

13.3 CUSTOMER SATISFACTION POLICIES

DISTRIBUTOR end its Authorized Resellers, upon smart gmbh's request, shall
continuously participate in any program and rating scheme with regard to
customer satisfaction policies smart gmbh may institute with regard to all
aspects of DISTRIBUTOR's and/or its Authorized Resellers' business in the
Contract


                                                                   Page 23 of 86

<PAGE>

Territory from time to time.

13.4 OTHER GOODS

DISTRIBUTOR and its Authorized Resellers shall not, without smart gmbh's prior
consent, directly or indirectly through subsidiaries:

(i)  manufacture motor vehicles, chassis or parts thereof;

(ii) sell or offer or arrange for sale of any new vehicles of a brand other than
     the Vehicles except the vehicles specified in ANNEX 2, under the heading
     "Other Goods";

(iii) sell or offer or arrange for the sale of any parts, including, without
     limitation, counterfeit parts that bear marks confusingly similar to smart
     Marks or that may otherwise mislead the public and/or injure the reputation
     of any DaimlerChrysler Group Company or any of its products; or

(iv) conclude with third parties agreements on the distribution and/or servicing
     of motor vehicles or chassis other than Vehicles, including Vehicles that
     have been modified technically or visually as well as parts kits offered by
     third parties for this purpose unless prior agreed with smart gmbh.

13.5 COMPLIANCE WITH LAWS

(1)  DISTRIBUTOR, for itself and on behalf of its Affiliated Persons,
     represents, warrants and covenants that:

     (i)  DISTRIBUTOR and its Affiliated Persons are solely responsible for
          complying, have to their best knowledge complied, and will comply,
          with Applicable Laws and have to their best knowledge not taken and
          will not take or fail to take any action, which act or omission would
          subject smart gmbh or any DaimlerChrysler Group Company to liability
          under Applicable Laws;

     (ii) neither DISTRIBUTOR nor any of its Affiliated Persons has, to its or
          their best knowledge, offered, paid, given or loaned or promised to'
          pay, give or loan, or will offer, pay, give or loan or promise to pay,
          give or loan, directly or indirectly, money or any other thing of
          value to or for the benefit of any Government Official, for the
          purposes of corruptly (a) influencing any act or decision of such
          Government Official in his official capacity, (b) inducing such
          Government Official to do or omit to do any act in violation of his
          lawful duty, (c) securing any improper advantage or (d) inducing such
          Government Official to use his influence with a Government Entity to
          affect or influence any act or decision of that Government Entity, in
          each instance to direct business to DISTRIBUTOR, its Authorized
          Resellers, smart gmbh or any DaimlerChrysler Group Company; and

     (iii) neither DISTRIBUTOR nor any of its Affiliated Persons is or will
          become a Government Entity or a Government Official whose official
          duties include decisions to direct business to DISTRIBUTOR, its
          Authorized Resellers, smart gmbh or any DaimlerChrysler Group Company
          or to supervise, or otherwise control or direct the actions of,
          Government Officials who are in a position to direct business to
          DISTRIBUTOR, its Authorized Resellers, smart gmbh or any
          DaimlerChrysler Group Company.

(2)  DISTRIBUTOR is obliged to inform smart gmbh about state and local laws and
     regulations and federal laws and regulations of the United States of
     America that smart gmbh, as "manufacturer" of Vehicles, shall be required
     to comply with. It is of high relevance to smart gmbh to obtain information
     about potential and actual modifications and/ or additions to theses
     regulations as early as possible. DISTRIBUTOR shall, and shall cause its
     Authorized Resellers to, assist and cooperate fully with the efforts of
     smart gmbh and any DeimierChrysler Group Company to comply with Applicable
     Laws, including providing smart gmbh with all necessary information about
     warranty defects and field defects with emissions and/or safety related
     component involved, in order to allow smart gmbh to carry out all relevant
     defect reporting tasks as provided by applicable law in this matter, and
     vice versa.

(3)  smart gmbh for itself and on behalf of its Affiliated Persons, represents,
     warrants and covenants that smart gmbh and its Affiliated Persons are
     solely responsible for complying, and will comply with Applicable Laws, and
     will not take or fail to take any action, which act or omission would


                                                                   Page 24 of 86

<PAGE>

     subject DISTRIBUTOR and its Authorized Resellers and its Affiliated Persons
     to liability under Applicable Law.

(4)  In no event will a party be obligated to another under or in connection
     with this Agreement to act or refrain from acting if that party believes
     that such act or omission would cause it to be in violation of Applicable
     Laws. In no event will a party be liable to the other for any act or
     omission which the party believes is necessary to comply with Applicable
     Laws.

(5)  If a party or any of its Affiliated Persons breaches any of the
     representations, warranties or covenants in this Article 13.5, each of
     which is deemed to be material and continuously made throughout the term of
     this Agreement, then, in addition to any other rights the other may have
     under this Agreement, the other may:

     (i)  declare a forfeit of any unpaid amounts owing to the party and will be
          entitled to repayment of any amounts paid or credited to the party, in
          each case, which are prohibited by Applicable Laws; and

     (ii) withhold delivery of Contract Goods to the party without liability to
          the party for any claims, losses or damages related to such decision.

(6)  DISTRIBUTOR shall comply with smart gmbh's rules and procedures with
     respect to the implementation of all product recalls or field measures
     internationally and in the United States of America (Annex 10), consistent
     with the laws and regulations of the United States of America. Upon smart
     gmbh's request, DISTRIBUTOR shall implement a recall or field measure, in
     the manner set out in the recall or field measure plan as determined by
     smart gmbh, smart gmbh shall provide necessary assistance to DISTRIBUTOR
     for the conduct of such recall or field measure. The costs of such recall
     or field measure shall be borne by either smart gmbh or DISTRIBUTOR or both
     Parties jointly, depending on which Party is responsible for the product
     issue giving rise to the recall or field measure under the terms of this
     Agreement. In the event the Parties cannot agree on the degree of
     responsibility of each Party for such defect, either Party may demand a
     final and binding decision by an arbitrator in accordance with Article 17.2
     of this Agreement.

(7)  From the date DISTRIBUTOR becomes subject to the reporting requirements
     under the laws and regulations of the United States of America, including
     the Transportation Recall Enhancement Accountability And Documentation
     (TREAD) Act of 2000 (the "TREAD Act", which term shall include any
     successor federal statute), DISTRIBUTOR shall comply with DISTRIBUTOR's
     reporting requirements.

(8) Prior to releasing to a governmental authority any documents relating to
     the relevant Vehicles, including reports needed to comply with
     DISTRIBUTOR's reporting requirements under the laws of the United States of
     America, DISTRIBUTOR shall consult with smart gmbh, DISTRIBUTOR shall
     provide such documents sufficiently in advance of such release to permit
     smart gmbh an adequate amount of time to review such documents and consult
     with DISTRIBUTOR regarding such documents. Prior to and subsequent to the
     release of such documents, DISTRIBUTOR shall cooperate with smart gmbh at
     all times with respect to such documents, smart gmbh shall timely respond
     to DISTRIBUTOR to enable DISTRIBUTOR to comply with the governmental
     requirements. Distributor will ask far time extensions or other
     administrative relief from the applicable government agencies, as requested
     by smart gmbh. The failure by smart gmbh to timely respond to DISTRIBUTOR
     shall not prevent DISTRIBUTOR from complying with DISTRIBUTOR's reporting
     requirements under the laws of the United States of America.


                                                                   Page 25 of 86

<PAGE>

(6)  For purposes of this Article 13.5, the following terms have the meanings
     set forth below:

     (i)  "Applicable Laws" means the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act and
          German anti- corruption laws, without regard to their jurisdictional
          limitations, U.S. and German export control laws to the extent
          applicable to Contract Goods, and all other laws, regulations, rules,
          orders, decrees or other directives carrying the force of law
          applicable to any activities engaged in by a party or any of its
          Affiliated Persons in connection with this Agreement or any other
          business matters involving a party or any of its Affiliated Persons,
          in each case as the same may be amended from time to time;

     (ii) "Affiliated Persons" means the party's officers, directors, employees,
          or agents, or any of its stockholders, principals or owners acting on
          its behalf or in its interests;

     (iii) "Government Entity" means a government or any department, agency or
          instrumentality thereof (including any company or other entity
          controlled by a government), a political party or a public
          international organization; and

     (iv) "Government Official" means any officeholder, employee or other
          official (including any immediate family member thereof) of a
          Government Entity, any person acting in an official capacity for a
          Government Entity or any candidate for political office.

13.6 EXECUTION OF RELATED AGREEMENTS

(1)  Upon smart gmbh's request from time to time, DISTRIBUTOR and its Authorized
     Resellers shall execute any agreement relating to the Allocation of
     Functions is use of smart Marks or Systems or any other matter related to
     this Agreement in the form from time to time adopted by smart gmbh;
     provided, that the terms and conditions of such agreements do not impose an
     unreasonable burden on DISTRIBUTOR or its Authorized Resellers or are
     inconsistent with this Agreement or change the relationship of the Parties
     set forth in this Agreement. The final version of the Allocations of
     Functions will be attached by the Parties as Annex 8 by December 31st,
     2006.

(2)  DISTRIBUTOR shall comply with all laws and regulations applicable to motor
     vehicle importers, of Contract Goods in the United States including without
     limitation all safety and/or emissions related laws and regulations;
     provided that smart gmbh shall provide DISTRIBUTOR with (i) Contract Goods
     prior to importation that are in compliance with all applicable laws, (ii)
     all information within the control of smart gmbh necessary for the Monroney
     label, (iii) cooperation necessary to enable DISTRIBUTOR to file all
     necessary reports and documentation with US and state regulatory agencies,
     (iv) field retrofits and/or other modifications to the Contract Goods to
     remain in compliance. DISTRIBUTOR represents that it shall within 10 day of
     signing this agreement make all filings with United States government
     agencies necessary to be registered as the importer of record for the
     Contract Goods.

(3)  DISTRIBUTOR shall be solely and exclusively responsible for compliance with
     all U.S. safety and/or emissions laws and regulations, including without
     limitation all submissions required by the TREAD Act, Title II of the Clean
     Air Act, Title 13 of the California Code of Regulations and the provisions
     therein adopted by the states of New York, New Jersey, Connecticut, Rhode
     Island, Massachusetts, Maine, and Vermont provided that smart gmbh shall
     provide DISTRIBUTOR with (i) Contract Goods prior to importation that are
     in compliance with all applicable laws, (ii) all information within the
     control of smart gmbh necessary for the Monroney label, (iii) cooperation
     necessary to enable DISTRIBUTOR to file all necessary reports and
     documentation with US and state regulatory agencies, (iv) field retrofits
     and/or other modifications to the Contract Goods to remain in compliance.
     DISTRIBUTOR shall file on its own behalf all reports relating to recalls,
     service campaigns or field actions relating to the Contract Goods, or any
     submission in response to formal or informal inquiries from the National
     Highway Traffic Safety Administration (NHTSA), the Environmental Protection
     Agency (EPA), or the California Air Resources Board and the equivalent
     agencies in states adopting California standards pursuant to other
     statutory authorities. DISTRIBUTOR shall immediately inform smart gmbh
     about any formal or informal government inquiry relating to the safety
     and/or emissions of the Contract Goods and smart gmbh will immediately
     inform DISTRIBUTOR of any formal or informal government inquiry relating to
     the safety and/or emissions of the Contract Goods (in the versions intended
     for the Contract Territory, as offered to DISTRIBUTOR).


                                                                   Page 26 of 86

<PAGE>

(4)  The Contract Goods shall be accounted for and included within
     DAIMLERCHRYSLER Group's vehicle fleet for purposes of compliance with the
     Corporate Average Fuel Economy program pursuant to 49 U.S.C. Chapter 329.
     DISTRIBUTOR shall promptly execute a separate CAFE agreement implementing
     the aforesaid, smart gmbh will submit such CAFE agreement to the National
     Highway Traffic Safety Administration, as required by regulation, in order
     to effectuate this intention.

(5)  The Contract Goods shall be accounted for and included within
     DAIMLERCHRYSLER Group's vehicle fleet for purposes of compliance with all
     regulatory phase-in requirements relating to federal motor vehicle safety
     standards promulgated under 49 U.S.C. Chapter 301. smart gmbh will submit
     this contract to the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration, as
     required by regulation, in order to effectuate this intention.

(6)  smart gmbh agrees that the Contract Goods shall meet the specifications,
     technical publications, manuals, bulletins or written official
     representations made by smart gmbh.

13.7 EMISSIONS CREDITS

The Parties agree that all emissions credits generated in connection with the
manufacture, certification, distribution, and sale of Vehicles are the property
of smart gmbh and DaimlerChrysler AG, 'Emissions credits' include, but are not
limited to, zero emission vehicle credits, partial zero emissions credits, and
non-methane organic gas credits, NOx Credits. If and to the extent DISTRIBUTOR
has any rights, DISTRIBUTOR promptly will take all actions necessary to ensure
that smart gmbh and DaimlerChrysler AG obtain the full benefit of all such
emission credits, at smart GmbH's expense, if any gmbh and DaimlerChrysler AG
will not pay any compensation to DISTRIBUTOR in connection with the emissions
credits. DISTRIBUTOR makes no representation that DISTRIBUTOR has any rights in
such credits to begin with or that credits can be assigned / transferred. The
Parties understand that such credits already accrue for the benefit of smart
GmbH / DaimlerChrysler AG based on DaimlerChrysler AG certifying the Vehicles.
If and to the extent DISTRIBUTOR has any rights and as permitted by applicable
law, emission credits received by DISTRIBUTOR as result of this Agreement shall
be transferred / assigned to smart GmbH and DaimlerChrysler AG by DISTRIBUTOR
without recourse to DISTRIBUTOR.

ARTICLE 14 - TERM AND TERMINATION

14.1 TERM OF THIS AGREEMENT

(1)  This Agreement will become effective on the date set out in ANNEX 2, under
     the heading "Effective Date".

(2)  This Agreement has a term until December 31st, 2021. DISTRIBUTOR or its
     Authorized Resellers will not have any claims of compensation against smart
     gmbh as a result of the expiration of the Distributor Agreement on this
     date.

(3)  A termination of production of Vehicles for the USA before end of 2011 (at
     sole discretion of smart gmbh) or smart gmbh's decision to not pursue this
     business intention before end of 2011 or smart gmbh's decision to not
     develop a successor model for the USA of Vehicles or to not commercialize
     this successor model in the USA shall constitute a good cause for
     termination of the business relationship (except for the continued supply
     of spare parts and accessories as required by Applicable Law and this
     Agreement) and respectively this Agreement, upon proper notice six months
     prior to the termination of production of Vehicles for the USA or upon
     notice in writing from smart gmbh to DISTRIBUTOR by December 31st, 2012
     effective December 31st 2014 if the decision is not to develop a successor
     model for the USA of Vehicles or not commercialize this successor model in
     the USA.

     In case smart gmbh decides to not pursue this business intention before the
     retail sales activities have been started by DISTRIBUTOR (i.e. first
     Authorized Reseller has opened and is selling


                                                                   Page 27 of 86

<PAGE>

     Vehicles) or in case of a termination of production of Vehicles for the USA
     after start of retail activities but before end of 2011, smart gmbh shall
     pay the following to DISTRIBUTOR or UAG, as applicable:

     (i)  no compensation but only refund of the not yet depreciated investment
          of DISTRIBUTOR, originally amounting to no more than * US$ based upon
          current envisioned strategy and

     (ii) cancellation/termination costs incurred by UAG or DISTRIBUTOR,
          including payments of damages owed under Applicable Law to terminated
          Authorized Resellers of DISTRIBUTORS, in any and all cases * according
          to Clause 5.1 (1), 2nd paragraph, if not been depreciated yet and
          under the condition that the number of Authorized Resellers has been
          agreed by the Parties before execution of the investments. It is
          estimated that a maximum of 70 Authorized Resellers will be appointed
          by 2010.

          DISTRIBUTOR is obliged to provide evidence of its and Authorized
          Reseller's investments, depreciation and profits already generated and
          costs being incurred. Before the DISTRIBUTOR makes material additional
          investments in excess of * DISTRIBUTOR will agree these plans with
          smart gmbh.

          In case smart gmbh decides to terminate production of Vehicles for the
          USA after start of retail sales activities from beginning 2012 onward
          compensation and reimbursement shall be paid by smart gmbh to UAG and
          DISTRIBUTOR as applicable, as provided in the previous paragraphs.

          In case smart gmbh decides to not develop a successor model for the
          USA of Vehicles and/or decides to not commercialize this successor
          model in USA, no compensation nor cost refund shall be paid by smart
          gmbh to UAG nor to DISTRIBUTOR because of those reasons if the
          termination of this Agreement by smart gmbh for those reasons is
          effective December 31st, 2014. By December 31st, 2012 smart gmbh shall
          inform DISTRIBUTOR whether they will develop a successor model or not
          or if so whether it will be commercialized or not.

          In the event of such a termination of production of Vehicles for the
          USA, smart gmbh may exercise its option to purchase all of the
          outstanding voting rights of the DISTRIBUTOR in accordance with the
          methodology specified in the "Option Agreement".

14.2 TERMINATION WITH IMMEDIATE EFFECT

(1)  Either Party may terminate this Agreement by notice to the other Party with
     immediate effect for good cause.

(2)  Good cause exists, without limitation and as examples only, in the events
     expressly set forth in this Agreement or if:

     (i)  a Party is in breach of an obligation under this Agreement despite
          having been given due warning by the other Party and despite having
          had sufficient opportunity and time to remedy that breach. No warning
          is necessary if the violation of material obligations under this
          Agreement is so grave that the other Party cannot reasonably be
          expected to continue the contractual relationship any longer,

     (ii) a Party is in breach of any representations or warranties expressly
          set forth in this Agreement;

     (iii) a Party makes any fraudulent statement or submission, or any material
          misrepresentation to the other;

*    Confidential portions omitted and filed separately with the Securities and
     Exchange Commission pursuant to an application for confidential treatment
     pursuant to Rule 24b-2 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as
     amended.


                                                                   Page 28 of 86

<PAGE>

     (iv) a Party or any of its officers, employees, agents or representatives
          has misrepresented any material facts which were relied upon by the
          other Party in entering into this Agreement and that other Party would
          not have entered into this Agreement, had it known of that
          misrepresentation;

     (v)  voluntary or involuntary proceedings are filed by or against a Party
          under bankruptcy or insolvency laws or under laws for arrangement,
          composition, judicial management, liquidation, dissolution,
          receivership or similar procedures, or either Party seeks or consents
          to similar relief or remedies without proceedings and, in the case of
          involuntary proceedings, they are not dismissed within forty-five
          days;

     (vi) a court, arbitral tribunal or government authority having jurisdiction
          declares invalid or refuses to enforce any provision of this
          Agreement, that provision is a material term of this Agreement to the
          terminating Party and the Parties cannot reach an agreement in good
          faith on a replacement provision for the void or non-enforceable
          provision;

     (vii) a Force Majeure Event prevents a Party from performing its
          obligations under this Agreement for more than one hundred eighty
          (180) days and such failure to perform is continuing when notice of
          termination is given; or

     (viii) any existing or future agreement between DISTRIBUTOR or UAG and
          smart gmbh or a DaimlerChrysler Group Company (for as long as smart
          gmbh is a subsidiary of DaimlerChrysler AG) is terminated for reasons
          equal or similar to those set forth in Clause (2) and (3) which have
          an impact on the contractual relationship under this Agreement; or

     (ix) a Party, for any reason whatsoever, cannot reasonably be expected to
          continue the contractual relationship until ordinary termination
          becomes effective.

(3)  In addition to the events described in Clause (2) above and anywhere else
     in this Agreement, either party may terminate this Agreement by notice to
     the other party with immediate effect upon the occurrence of the following
     events:

     (i)

          a.   As to smart gmbh, if DISTRIBUTOR fails to pay smart gmbh or any
               DaimlerChrysler Group Company or licensee any amount due under
               this Agreement or any sales agreement for Contract Goods when
               due, if such payment default is not cured within thirty (30) days
               of the date the amount in question became due and payable to
               smart gmbh; and

          b.   As to DISTRIBUTOR, if smart gmbh or any DaimlerChrysler Group
               Company fails to pay DISTRIBUTOR any amount due under this
               Agreement or any sales agreement For Contract Goods when due, if
               such payment default is not cured within thirty (30) days of the
               date the amount in question became due and payable to
               DISTRIBUTOR;

     (ii) DISTRIBUTOR substantially ends its sales and service activities under
          this Agreement;

     (iii) DISTRIBUTOR is merged into another entity, dissolved, expropriated,
          sequestered or nationalized, or DISTRIBUTOR's legal existence is
          suspended or revoked;

     (iv) DISTRIBUTOR has not notified and requested the approval of smart gmbh
          at least sixty days prior to any proposed change in management control
          of DISTRIBUTOR or the legal or beneficial ownership of any of
          DISTRIBUTOR's voting securities or other ownership interests, the name
          or form of DISTRIBUTOR's legal entity, or the location of
          DISTRIBUTOR's place of business;

     (v)  an individual named in ANNEX 2, under the heading "key Personnel",
          stops participating actively, substantially and continuously in
          DISTRIBUTOR's business operations under this Agreement and either a
          replacement is appointed without smart gmbh's prior consent or a
          replacement acceptable to smart gmbh is not appointed within a
          reasonable time;

     (vi) DISTRIBUTOR's legal and/or beneficial shareholders or owners or its or
          their officers or managers, or any individual or entity named in ANNEX
          2, under the headings "Management and Signatory Authority", "Key
          Personnel' and "Ownership Interests', are in repeated disagreement
          among each other and those disagreements seriously endanger the
          fulfillment Of this Agreement; or

     (vii) DISTRIBUTOR or any of its Authorized Resellers is in breach Of its
          obligations under the Trade and Service Marks Licensing Clauses as per
          ANNEX 7.

(4)  In addition to the events described in Clauses (2) and (3)above and
     anywhere else in this Agreement, smart gmbh or DaimlerChrysler AG may
     terminate this Agreement by notice to


                                                                   Page 29 of 86

<PAGE>

     DISTRIBUTOR with immediate effect if DISTRIBUTOR is in breach of its
     obligations under the Option Agreement Clauses.

14.3 NOTIFICATION

Either Party shall notify the other Party immediately, if any event entitling
the other Party to terminate this Agreement occurs.

14.4 RIGHTS AND OBLIGATIONS ON TERMINATION

Upon this Agreement's termination:

(i)  DISTRIBUTOR or its Authorized Resellers will not have any claims of
     compensation for loss of clientele against smart gmbh except as provided
     for in Clause 14.1 (3).

(ii) smart gmbh will not be obliged to compensate DISTRIBUTOR or its Authorized
     Resellers for any other kind of goodwill created by DISTRIBUTOR or its
     Authorized Resellers.

(iii) Except as provided for in Clause 14.1 (3) and in any other agreement in
     writing signed by DISTRIBUTOR and smart gmbh, smart gmbh will not be liable
     to DISTRIBUTOR or to its Authorized Resellers for any other damages by
     reason of smart gmbh exercising any of its rights hereunder, including the
     termination of this Agreement, including statutory or other indemnities,
     irrespective whether the damages result from loss of commitments on leases
     or Other obligations, from loss of investment or present or prospective
     profits, from severance or termination payments to employees or others,
     from inability to meet obligations, or from any other cause.

(iv) DISTRIBUTOR shall immediately, following the effective date of termination,
     stop holding itself out as an authorized distributor of smart gmbh. With
     respect to the use of smart Marks, the regulations of the Trade and Service
     Marks Licensing Clauses as per ANNEX 7 apply.

(v)  As to a termination by smart gmbh under Clause 14.2 DISTRIBUTOR's unfilled
     orders are automatically canceled, unless payment has been made before
     effectiveness of termination or unless smart gmbh specifies otherwise. In
     any case of smart gmbh's termination under Clause 14.2, orders made
     during the last four months of this Agreement will only be accepted upon
     payment of the total order volume in advance. If smart gmbh accepts orders
     or transacts other business with DISTRIBUTOR after termination, the terms
     and conditions of this Agreement will govern such purchases, but smart
     gmbh's acceptance of orders or other business will not renew the Agreement
     or waive its termination, and smart gmbh may at any time after
     effectiveness of termination stop that business with immediate effect.
     Termination does not modify either Party's payment obligations.

(vi) All amounts owed by either Party to the other will be immediately due and
     payable without need for notice, other formality or court order.

(vii) DISTRIBUTOR and its Authorized Resellers shall return to smart gmbh, at
     DISTRIBUTOR's expense to a location mutually agreed upon reasonably
     convenient to both parties, all property and other materials or equipment
     owned by smart gmbh immediately upon termination of this Agreement,
     including any copyrighted materials. In any case DISTRIBUTOR and its
     Authorized Resellers shall grant access to smart gmbh or any of smart
     gmbh's subcontractors to remove without delay all such property and other
     materials or equipment owned by smart gmbh.

(viii) DISTRIBUTOR shall resell to smart gmbh, if so requested by smart gmbh,
     some or all of the Vehicles delivered to DISTRIBUTOR, regardless of the
     circumstances of termination of this Agreement. The repurchase price for
     those Vehicles will their landed cost to DISTRIBUTOR (smart gmbh's invoice
     price plus unrebated duties, taxes and inland transportation costs) less an
     adjustment to reflect any damage other diminution in value not normal for
     new Vehicles being offered for sale at retail at the date of the
     repurchase. In addition, DISTRIBUTOR shall represent and warrant that the
     Vehicles are in its property and that DISTRIBUTOR has all ownership rights


                                                                   Page 30 of 86
<PAGE>

     without any restrictions or limitations, smart gmbh is entitled to inspect
     the Vehicles at its discretion. In case of any dispute on the condition or
     the price of any Vehicle, smart gmbh is entitled to call an independent
     expert in order to determine the condition of the Vehicle and, if
     necessary, any damage or diminution of its value. The expert's fees shall
     be borne by smart gmbh and DISTRIBUTOR equally.

(ix) smart gmbh shall repurchase from DISTRIBUTOR, if so requested by
     DISTRIBUTOR in writing within a reasonable period, however not later than
     six months after termination of this Agreement, all Parts delivered by
     smart gmbh to DISTRIBUTOR, provided that smart gmbh will not be obliged to
     repurchase Parts from DISTRIBUTOR in case smart gmbh has terminated this
     Agreement in accordance with Article 14.2. smart gmbh will only be obliged
     to repurchase Parts that are unsold, undamaged, unused, in their original
     packaging and stored in a state of the art manner, and appear on smart
     gmbh's then-current Parts' listing. The repurchase price for such Parts
     will be their landed cost to DISTRIBUTOR (smart gmbh's invoice price plus
     unrelated duties, taxes and inland transportation (including transportation
     and insurance) costs) less *% of such cost and less an adjustment to
     reflect any damage or other diminution in value not normal for current
     Parts being offered for sale at retail at the date of the repurchase.
     Together with the request to smart gmbh to repurchase Parts, DISTRIBUTOR
     shall provide a complete list of Parts to be repurchased. The list shall
     contain the relevant Parts number, the invoice number, the dale of invoice
     and the amount of invoice for each of the Parts to be repurchased. In
     addition, DISTRIBUTOR shall represent and warrant that the Parts are in its
     property and that DISTRIBUTOR has all ownership rights without any
     restrictions or limitations, smart gmbh is entitled to inspect the Parts at
     its discretion. In case of any dispute on the condition or the price of any
     Part, smart gmbh shall call an independent expert in order to determine the
     condition of the Part and, if necessary, any damage or diminution of its
     value. The expert's fees shall be borne by smart gmbh and DISTRIBUTOR
     equally.

(x)  smart gmbh may purchase (in which event, DISTRIBUTOR shall sell to smart
     gmbh) some or all of DISTRIBUTOR's special tools and equipment for repair
     or service of Contract Goods and smart gmbh signage owned by DISTRIBUTOR at
     the fair market value of such special tools, equipment and signage.

(xi) DISTRIBUTOR and its Authorized Resellers shall remove all registrations or
     filings of this Agreement and related documents in any public or
     governmental record and must cancel or assign to smart gmbh or its
     designee, as smart gmbh requests, to the extent it can do so by Applicable
     Law, any governmental licenses, permits or authorizations for importation,
     sale or servicing of Contract Goods. DISTRIBUTOR also grants smart gmbh an
     irrevocable power of attorney to take these actions on DISTRIBUTOR's behalf
     if DISTRIBUTOR wrongfully refuses to do so and shall, to the extent it can
     do so by Applicable Law, do any and all things and acts which may be deemed
     necessary or appropriate by smart gmbh in such actions, including
     executing, or making available to smart gmbh, as the case may be, any and
     all relevant documents, instruments, materials or certificates.

(xii) DISTRIBUTOR has no right of retention against any claim of smart gmbh
     under this Article 14, unless the claim on which the right of retention is
     based is uncontested or established by final judgment or arbitral award.

(xiii) In case of termination of this Agreement by smart gmbh, DISTRIBUTOR or
     its Authorized Resellers will not have any claims of compensation against
     smart gmbh except as provided for in this Agreement.

(xiv) The following provisions of this Agreement shall survive termination of
     all or part of this Agreement, and shall continue to be enforceable
     obligations: Articles 1,2 (2), 1.3,3.2, 5.3 (3) (ii), 5.3 (4), 5.5 (2)
     (i), (ii) and (iii), 5.5 (3), 6.2 (9), 6.3, 6.4, 6.6 (2), 6.6 (3), 7.1
     (4), 7.2 (3), 8,2 (4), 9, 11.1, 12.2,13,4 (for a period of five years after
     effectiveness of termination), 13.5,14,15, 16,17, as well as Clauses
     1.1,1.2, 6.1 and 8 of the Trade and Service Marks Licensing Clauses as per
     ANNEX 7. The termination of this Agreement will not affect any rights of
     smart gmbh or any DaimlerChrysler Group Company under any other agreement
     between DISTRIBUTOR and smart gmbh or any DaimlerChrysler Group Company or
     vice versa, except in accordance with the terms

*    Confidential portions omitted and filed separately with the Securities and
     Exchange Commission pursuant to an application for confidential treatment
     pursuant to Rule 24b-2 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as
     amended.


                                                                   Page 31 of 86

<PAGE>

     of such agreement.

ARTICLE 15-GENERAL PROVISIONS

15.1 PAYMENTS TO DISTRIBUTOR

     Any payment to DISTRIBUTOR under this Agreement will be made by wire
     transfer to DISTRIBUTOR's bank account (confirmed in writing by the
     relevant bank) in the Contract Territory;

(1)  In addition, payment will only be made under the condition and to the
     extent that, in the sole discretion of smart gmbh;

     (i)  smart gmbh, at its option, has issued a credit note or has received
          from DISTRIBUTOR a complete, accurate and comprehensible invoice;

     (ii) DISTRIBUTOR has furnished sufficient proof That all preconditions for
          payment have been met;

     (iii) payment is due and legally and practically possible; and

     (iv) DISTRIBUTOR's representations end warranties under Article 13.5 have
          been fulfilled.

(2)  Partial payments will not be made, smart gmbh may combine several payments
     into one single payment.

15.2 ENTIRE AGREEMENT, MODIFICATION, CONSENT, WAIVER, RIGHTS AND ASSIGNMENT

(1)  This Agreement constitutes the Parties' entire agreement for selling and
     servicing Contract Goods in the Contract Territory. It supersedes all prior
     negotiations, understandings and agreements, written or oral, relating to
     its subject matter among DISTRIBUTOR and smart gmbh. Each Party
     acknowledges that no representations or statements other than those
     expressly set forth herein were made by the other or any of its officers,
     employees, agents or representatives, or were relied upon by either Party
     in entering into this Agreement.

(2)  Any modification or supplement to or extension of this Agreement must be in
     writing and signed by authorized officers or representatives of both
     Parties.

(3)  When the consent or approval of a Party is required under this Agreement,
     that consent or approval may be based on such factors, considerations or
     economic interests deemed by that Party to be relevant, regardless of any
     prior exercise of that Party's discretion in similar circumstances, and
     without any duty to justify its exercise of discretion in giving or
     withholding its consent or approval, or in subjecting its consent or
     approval to particular conditions.

(4)  No waiver of a default or other nonperformance or consent will be valid
     unless set forth in writing signed by authorized officers or
     representatives of the Party making the waiver or giving the consent. Any
     such waiver will be applicable solely to that particular default and will
     not be a continuing waiver nor will it excuse any later default, and any
     such consent will be applicable solely to the particular situation for
     which the consent was granted. No failure or delay by any Party in
     exercising any right under this Agreement will operate as or be deemed to
     be a waiver of or limitation on any such right or an implied consent, and
     no single or partial exercise of any such right will preclude any other or
     further exercise of that right or the exercise of any other right.


                                                                   Page 32 of 86

<PAGE>

(5)  Every right and remedy granted by this Agreement is cumulative and in
     addition to every other right and remedy under this Agreement or available
     under any applicable addition to every other right and remedy under this
     Agreement under any Applicable Law.

(6)  Neither Party may assign this Agreement or any of their rights or
     obligations without or in violation of the terms of the other's prior
     consent, and unless the consent states otherwise the assigning Party will
     remain legally obliged, jointly and severally, with its assignee for the
     performance of this Agreement, in the event of any breach of this Clause by
     either Party, the other Party may terminate this Agreement in accordance
     with Article 14.2,

(7)  As an exception to Clause (6) above, smart gmbh may assign this Agreement
     or any other of its rights or obligations and may delegate its performance
     to any DaimlerChrysler Group Company and each Party may assign any of its
     rights to payments due under this Agreement to any entity providing
     factoring or other financing related services. In the event that smart gmbh
     assigns any of its rights or obligations or delegates their performance to
     any DaimlerChrysler Group Company, smart gmbh and such DaimlerChrysler
     Group Company may invoice DISTRIBUTOR separately for Contract Goods and
     related services but smart gmbh shall also remain liable hereunder.

15.3 REGISTRATION

Other than as absolutely required by Applicable Law, DISTRIBUTOR will not
register or file this Agreement or any related documents in any public or
governmental record without the prior consent of smart gmbh.

15.4 CONFIDENTIAL INFORMATION

(1)  Other than as absolutely required by Applicable Law or as consented to by
     smart gmbh in writing, DISTRIBUTOR and its Authorized Resellers, and their
     respective officers, employees and agents shall keep confidential all
     non-public business or technical information relating to smart gmbh, any
     DaimlerChrysler Group Company or any of their respective suppliers or
     customers of which they become aware in connection with this Agreement and
     shall not disclose it except to DISTRIBUTOR's professional advisors.

(2)  smart gmbh will treat as confidential all non-public information concerning
     DISTRIBUTOR which is obtained under this Agreement and will not disclose
     such information to third parties, other than smart gmbh's professional
     advisors.

(3)  This confidentiality obligation under Clauses 15.4 (1) and 15.4 (2),
     however, will not apply to:

     (i)  information that is lawfully known to the other at the time of
          disclosure;

     (ii) Information that is or becomes available in the public domain through
          no fault of the non-disclosing person;

     (iii) information that is or becomes available to the non-disclosing person
          from any third party who was not in breech of any confidentiality
          obligation to the disclosing person or of whose breach of any
          confidentiality obligation to the disclosing person the non-disclosing
          person was not aware; or

     (iv) information that a person is required to disclose by law or court or
          governmental order or request from regulatory authorities.

(4)  Should DISTRIBUTOR receive a request from any person other than an
     authorized service center, dealer or distributor of smart gmbh for
     technical information relating to the repair and maintenance of Contract
     Goods, such request shall be forwarded to smart gmbh for consideration. No
     such information may be disclosed without the prior consent of smart gmbh
     except as required by Applicable Law.

15.5 COUNTERPARTS AND PHOTOCOPIES

This Agreement may be executed in counterparts, each of which will be deemed to
be an original of this Agreement with the same force and effect. A facsimile or
photocopy of a fully executed counterpart of


                                                                   Page 33 of 86

<PAGE>

this Agreement, or of a set of identical versions separately executed by the
Parties, will be valid evidence of the existence and the terms of this
Agreement.

15.6 INTERPRETATION AND DISCREPANCY WITH OTHER DOCUMENTS

(1)  In interpreting this Agreement, the following rules of interpretation will
     apply unless the context requires otherwise:

     (i)  The singular includes the plural, and conversely;

     (ii) A reference to a person includes a company, an unincorporated body or
          other legal entity, and conversely;

     (iii) A reference to a Party to this Agreement or any other agreement or
          document includes that Party's successors and permitted assigns (if
          any);

     (iv) A reference to this Agreement or any other agreement or document is to
          that agreement or document be amended, novated, supplemented, varied
          or replaced from time to time, except to the extent prohibited by this
          Agreement or by that other agreement or document; and

     (v)  "Includes", "including", "in particular" and similar expressions are
          intended to signify examples, and not an exclusive listing, in each
          case as if the words "but not limited to" were part of that
          expression.

(2)  This Agreement was negotiated and concluded in the English language, and
     the English text of this Agreement will be controlling in all events. Both
     Parties have had the opportunity to consult with legal counsel in the
     negotiation of this Agreement, and the fact that smart gmbh prepared the
     initial draft of this Agreement shall not be taken into account in
     interpreting its provisions.

(3)  In the event of any discrepancy or conflict between the terms of this
     Agreement and the terms of any Annex hereto or any document referred to in
     this Agreement or in any Annex hereto, the terms of this Agreement shall
     prevail.

15.7 SEVERABILITY

If a court, arbitral tribunal or government authority having jurisdiction
declares invalid or unenforceable any provision of this Agreement, this
Agreement will be considered divisible as to that provision, and that provision
will be deemed deleted from this Agreement or to be inapplicable, and the
remainder of this Agreement will be valid and binding as if that provision were
not included herein or as if it were included herein only with respect to those
parts of the Contract Territory, if any, where that provision is not invalid or
unenforceable.

ARTICLE 16 -NOTICES

(1)  All notices, applications, requests, approvals, consents, confirmations and
     waivers given under or in connection with this Agreement shall be in
     English, in writing and will be deemed properly given if hand delivered or
     delivered by:

     (i)  prepaid registered or certified mail, return receipt requested;

     (ii) by commercial courier or messenger service; or

     (iii) by facsimile.

(2)  Notices will be deemed given on the first to occur of the following:

     (i)  when actually delivered;

     (ii) if sent by facsimile, when the sender receives an electronic
          confirmation of receipt if promptly followed by a confirmation copy
          given by another permitted method, unless the recipient acknowledges
          receipt of the facsimile; or

     (iii) if sent by mail, five business days after mailing, unless the
          declaration is of particular relevance and unless the addressee proves
          that it has not received the notice.

(3)  Notices shall be delivered to the addresses or facsimile numbers (or to any
     other address or


                                                                  Pages 34 of 86

<PAGE>

     facsimile number that either Party may designate, at any time, to the other
     by notice given in accordance with this Article 16) as set out in ANNEX 2
     under the heading "Notices".

ARTICLE 17 - GOVERNING LAW AND DISPUTE RESOLUTION

(1)  This Agreement is made in and will be construed and governed in all
     respects in accordance with the laws of Germany and without regard to any
     conflicts of law doctrines or principles of German law. If the English
     legal meaning of any term or stipulation in this Agreement or its Annexes
     differs from the German legal meaning, the German legal meaning will
     prevail.

[2)  All disputes, controversies or claims arising from the interpretation,
     performance or non - performance of this Agreement or any and all
     transactions related to this Agreement (including, but not limited to, the
     validity, scope and enforceability of this provision, or disputes under
     rights granted pursuant to law) shall be finally and completely resolved by
     arbitration in accordance with the Rules of Arbitration of the
     International Chamber of Commerce in force at the time of commencement of
     the arbitration. The place of arbitration is Zurich, Switzerland. The
     language to be used in the arbitral proceedings is English.

ARTICLE 18 - PLACE OF PERFORMANCE

With respect to smart gmbh and any other DaimlerChrysler Group Company, place of
performance (as well as place of delivery and place of origination of payment by
smart gmbh) for any and all obligations under this Agreement is Stuttgart,
Germany or Hambach, France.

ARTICLE 19-SIGNATURE

This Agreement has been signed by authorized representatives of smart gmbh and
DISTRIBUTOR effective as of the Effective Date set forth in ANNEX 2 to this
Agreement, under the heading "Effective Date".

SMART GMBH                               SMART USA DISTRIBUTOR LLC


/s/ Ulrich Walker                        /s/ Roger S. Penske
-------------------------------------    ---------------------------------------
Ulrich Walker, President & CEO           Roger S. Penske, Chairman of the Board


/s/ Anders S. Jensen                     /s/ David Schembri
-------------------------------------    ---------------------------------------
Anders S. Jensen,                        David Schembri, President
Vice President Marketing & Sales


                                                                   Page 35 of 86

<PAGE>

                                                                         ANNEX 1

                                    VEHICLES

smart fortwo coupe (C451)
smart fortwo cabrio (A451)

Successor and supplementary models within existing model series will become
Contract Goods upon their official launching in the Contract Territory with the
consent of smart gmbh.


                                                                   Page 36 of 86

<PAGE>

                                                                         ANNEX 2

                    CONTRACT SPECIFICATIONS

I.   CONTRACT TERRITORY

     United States of America and Puerto Rico.

II.  MANAGEMENT AND SIGNATORY AUTHORITY

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
     NAME         POSITION   JOINT/SEVERAL AUTHORITY
     ----        ---------   -----------------------
<S>              <C>         <C>
Roger Penske     Chairman    Several Authority
David Schembri   President   Several Authority
</TABLE>

III. KEY PERSONNEL

     Roger Penske and David Schembri.

IV.  DESIGNATION

     Distributor for smart gmbh of smart Vehicles in USA and Puerto Rico.

V.   OWNERSHIP INTERESTS

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
         NAME            PERCENT OWNERSHIP
         ----            -----------------
<S>                      <C>
United Auto Group Inc.         100%
</TABLE>

VI.  OTHER GOODS

VII. EFFECTIVE DATE

     October 31st, 2006.

VIII. NOTICES

If to smart gmbh:                     with duplicate copy to:
smart gmbh                            DaimlerChrysler AG
HPC H100                              L/DS
P.O. Box 20 60                        HPC 096/0431
71010 Boblingen                       70546 Stuttgart
Germany                               Germany
Attention: Vice President Marketing   Attention: International Counsel USA
           & Sales
Facsimile: *                          Facsimile: *

*    Confidential portions omitted and filed separately with the Securities and
     Exchange Commission pursuant to an application for confidential treatment
     pursuant to Rule 24b-2 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as
     amended.


                                                                   Page 37 of 86

<PAGE>

If to DISTRIBUTOR:                    with a duplicate copy to:
smart USA Distributor LLC             United Auto Group, Inc.
2555 Telegraph Road                   2555 Telegraph Road
Bloomfield Hills, Michigan 48302      Bloomfield Hills, Michigan 48302

Attention: President                  Attention: General Counsel
Facsimile: *                          Facsimile: *

*    Confidential portions omitted and filed separately with the Securities and
     Exchange Commission pursuant to an application for confidential treatment
     pursuant to Rule 24b-2 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as
     amended.


                                                                   Page 38 of 86

<PAGE>

                                                                       ANNEX 3.1

                                TARGET AGREEMENT

In accordance with the Distributor Agreement between smart gmbh ("smart gmbh")
and smart USA Distributor LLC ("DISTRIBUTOR") dated October 31st, 2006,
DISTRIBUTOR undertakes to and agrees with smart gmbh to achieve the following
targets during the Sales Period beginning on January 1st, 2008 and ending on
December 31st, 2008 (the "Sales Period"):

*

Any other targets mutually agreed for example, among others, CSI targets, market
share targets, number of outlets.

SMART GMBH                              SMART  USA DISTRIBUTOR LLC


/s/ Ulrich Walker                       /s/ Roger S. Penske
-------------------------------------   ----------------------------------------

Dated: October 31st, 2006

*    Confidential portions omitted and filed separately with the Securities and
     Exchange Commission pursuant to an application for confidential treatment
     pursuant to Rule 24b-2 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as
     amended.


                                                                   Page 39 of 86

<PAGE>

                                                                       ANNEX 3.2

                                      PARTS

The discount for Parts is subject to the discount class ("RG") applicable for
the relevant Part, as designated by DAIMLERCHRYSLER. Currently, the following
discounts apply for the following discount classes;

<TABLE>
<S>             <C>         <C>
General Parts
Discountgroup    *           *
Discountgroup    *           *

Assemblies
Discountgroup    *           *

Special Parts
Discountgroup    *           *

Accessories
Discountgroup    *           *

Special Tools
Discountgroup    *           *
</TABLE>

Discounts are based on the German Wholesales list prices of the DaimlerChrysler
AG valid on the day of delivery.

*    Confidential portions omitted and filed separately with the Securities and
     Exchange Commission pursuant to an application for confidential treatment
     pursuant to Rule 24b-2 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as
     amended.


                                                                   Page 40 of 86
<PAGE>

                                                                         ANNEX 4

               FORMAT TYPES, CORPORATE IDENTITY (CI) END STANDARDS

smart gmbh and United Auto Group, Inc, agree to the following matters pertaining
to Format Types, Corporate Identity and Standards, based on Article 5.2 (1) of
the Distributor Agreement made as of October 31st, 2006 by and between smart
gmbh and United Auto Group, Inc.

*




















*    Confidential portions omitted and filed separately with the Securities and
     Exchange Commission pursuant to an application for confidential treatment
     pursuant to Rule 24b-2 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as
     amended.


                                                              Pps 41 to 50 of 86
<PAGE>

                                     ANNEX 5

                             DISTRIBUTOR'S WARRANTY

                                                                    (SMART LOGO)

                         - MINIMUM WARRANTY CONDITIONS-

Vehicle warranty:                24 months, 24000 miles

Parts & accessories warranty:    24 months, 24000 miles

Corrosion perforation warranty:  48 months. 50000 miles

Any other warranty required by
Applicable Law:                  the warranty terms required Applicable Law

1. DISTRIBUTOR guarantees the fault-free functioning of the motor vehicle for
each motor vehicle type produced by smart gmbh, as set out in the following
conditions. The warranty covers any malfunction of the vehicle due to production
or material faults and for which warranty coverage is not excluded according to
these conditions.

2. The warranty entitles the customer to have the malfunction corrected and the
resulting damage caused to other parts of the vehicle either repaired or
replaced free of charge. Warranty claims can only be asserted at a smart
authorised repairer and must be reported there, accompanied by presentation of
the service booklet. The smart authorised repairer shall decide whether to
repair or replace. Any parts acknowledged as faulty and replaced become the
property of DISTRIBUTOR.

3. DISTRIBUTOR provides warranty on the vehicle as well as on smart replacement
parts and original accessories for a period of 24, months or 24000 miles
(whichever comes first). The criteria for the start of the warranty period are
the delivery date or the date of initial licensing of the vehicle (whichever is
the earlier), and in the case of replacement parts and original accessories, the
date of purchase, smart gmbh additionally grants a 48 months or 50000 miles
(whichever comes first) warranty against corrosion perforation of bodywork from
the inside out.

4. Natural wear and tear, non-warranty adjustment work and normal servicing and
maintenance are excluded from the warranty. Warranty claims also cannot be made
without regard to the contributory causes for malfunctions and damage caused by:

a) influences acting on the vehicle from outside, e.g. of a mechanical or
chemical nature (such as damage to paintwork, synthetics or bodywork caused by
flying stones, fly ash, industrial emissions, bird droppings) or other external
occurrences, including accidents, malicious or willful actions by third parties,
in particular theft and unauthorized use,


                                                                   Page 51 of 86

<PAGE>

b) improper handling or overloading of the vehicle, including non-standard
conditions of use such as off-road driving, racing, overloading, excessive roof,
trailer or axle loads,

c) alteration of the original construction of the vehicle (e.g. tuning),
conversions or alterations of parts, installation of accessories or units from
other manufacturers, the use of which has not been approved by smart gmbh,

d) use of unsuitable lubrication and fuels, or

e) improper storage or damage during transport.

5. A warranty claim only exists if the servicing and maintenance works
prescribed and recommended by DISTRIBUTOR and/or smart gmbh have been carried
out on the vehicle at a smart authorized repairer or by another company
expressly authorized by DISTRIBUTOR to perform such tasks.

6. The warranty does not cover malfunctions and damage which have arisen
because:

a) the vehicle has previously, been serviced, maintained or attended in a garage
other than a smart authorized repairer or an operation authorized by
DISTRIBUTOR, or by a third party that has not been authorized by DISTRIBUTOR for
the specialist and professional maintenance, servicing or upkeep of the vehicle,

b) the operating instructions of the vehicle have not been observed, or

c) a malfunction or damage has not been immediately reported and the vehicle has
not been immediately brought in for repair.

7. The repair of indirect and consequential damage is not covered insofar as it
is not listed under clause 2 above.

8. This warranty does not constitute a basis for claims for cancellation
(annulment of the purchase contract) or reduction (reduction the purchase price)
against DISTRIBUTOR.

9. This warranty is valid exclusively for the territory in which smart gmbh
maintains a distribution network with smart authorized repairers at the date of
the occurrence of the warranty event. If the vehicle is still under warranty and
is in need of repair outside of the DISTRIBUTOR's Contract Territory the
warranty will be the warranty under this Annex 5 and not the warranty generally
applicable outside of the DISTRIBUTOR's Contract Territory.

10. All claims arising from the warranty are barred by the statute of
limitations 6 months after receipt of the damage report at the smart authorized
repairer in accordance with clause 2 above, but at the latest 30 months (in the
case of the corrosion perforation warranty, 54 months} after delivery of the
vehicle to the customer.

11. The customer has the right, if necessary, to make contractual and legal
warranty claims against the seller of the vehicle, irrespective of and in
addition to claims under this warranty.


                                                                   Page 52 of 86
<PAGE>

                                                                         ANNEX 6

                                SALES CONDITIONS

                                                                    (SMART LOGO)

TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR THE SALE OF BRAND-NEW VEHICLES ABROAD

Exclusively applicable to sales by smart gmbh to foreign business persons who in
concluding the contract of sale are acting in a commercial or independent
professional capacity, and to public authorities abroad.

I.   SCOPE OF CONDITIONS

1.   The contract of sale shall be governed exclusively by these Terms and
     Conditions of Sale. Conflicting terms of the Buyer shall not apply.

2.   These terms and conditions of sale apply to the sale of brand new vehicles
     of the smart brand to business persons domiciled outside the Federal
     Republic of Germany, who in concluding the contract of sale are acting in a
     commercial or independent professional capacity, and to foreign public
     authorities and foreign publicly-owned legal entities.

II.  CONCLUSION OF THE CONTRACT, AMENDMENTS TO THE CONTRACT AND ASSIGNMENT

1.   Offers of the Seller are not binding.

2.   The Buyer shall be bound by the order for a period not exceeding six
     weeks, in the case of vehicles which are in stock at the Seller's, for up
     to two weeks. The contract of sale is concluded when within this period the
     Seller confirms in writing or by electronic mail the acceptance of the
     order for the objects of sale described in more detail or, if the order is
     to be processed in an electronic data processing system (EDP system), at
     the time when the Buyer can see in the EDP system that the Seller has begun
     processing the order (e.g. Progress Code 15 in smart EDP system). In any
     event, the contract of sale shall be concluded when delivery has been made.
     The Seller shall be obliged to inform the Buyer without delay if it does
     not accept the order.

3.   Amendments or addenda to the contract and oral statements must be in
     writing or by electronic mail or, if the order is being processed in an EDP
     system, the Seller must have taken, them into account in a way that is
     apparent to the Buyer.

4.   During the delivery period, the manufacturer's right to make design or
     shape modifications, to deviate from the color shade and make changes to
     the scope of delivery is reserved, provided that the Buyer can reasonably
     be expected to accept such changes or deviations, taking the interests of
     the Seller into account.


                                                                   Page 53 of 86

<PAGE>

     The Buyer cannot derive any rights from any marks or numbering used by the
     Seller or the manufacturer to identify the order or the objects of sale
     ordered. Only the order number used by the Seller is relevant for any
     correspondence between the parties.

5.   The rights and duties of the Buyer arising from the contract of sale may
     not be transferred without the Seller's consent in writing or by electronic
     mail.

III. DELIVERY AND PRICES

1.   Delivery shall be made "CIF USA port", smart gmbh will cover the costs for
     transportation to USA VPC within, a maximum of 100 miles distance from the
     respective sea port, provided DISTRIBUTOR uses a VPC for Vehicles within
     those 100 miles distance.

2.   Partial deliveries are permitted, insofar as the Buyer can be reasonably
     expected to accept them.

3.   The Seller does not accept a no-fault procurement risk for the objects of
     sale.

4.   In cases where an object of sale cannot be delivered on the scheduled
     delivery date due to the discontinuation of series production, both parties
     shall be released from the obligations under the contract of sale insofar
     as this object of sale is concerned. In such a case the Seller shall inform
     the Buyer without delay and reimburse any counter - performance received
     without delay. In such a case the Seller shall not be obliged either to
     deliver the originally ordered object of sale or to pay damages.

5.   Prices are understood, unless any other stipulations have been made, ex
     works net plus cost for logistics, transportation and insurance.

6.   Shipment within the European Economic Area shall be made d.d.u. [.....].
     All other shipment shall be made f.o.b. Baltic Sea Port, Federal Republic
     of Germany, or c.i.f, (port of entry), at the Seller's choice.

IV.  PAYMENT, DELAY IN PAYMENT AND OFFSETTING

1.   The purchase price and prices for incidental services shall be payable less
     any agreed discounts upon delivery of the objects of sale and submission of
     the invoice or other means of rendering account. On a monthly basis smart
     gmbh will reimburse DISTRIBUTOR for the difference between DISTRIBUTOR
     paying smart gmbh for Vehicles based upon 'net 15 days ex works' credit
     terms and DISTRIBUTOR paying smart gmbh for those Vehicles based upon
     delivery at USA VPC if USA VPC is used and is within 100 miles distance
     from USA port or, if not used, the USA port or another mutually agreed
     method.

2.   Payment must be made in the currency specified on the invoice and in such a
     way that the Seller does not incur any costs.


                                                                   Page 54 of 86

<PAGE>

3.   Should the Buyer default on payment, including with respect to individual
     invoices, the Seller shall be entitled to demand payment in advance for
     consignments in transit and subsequent deliveries from all ongoing
     contracts.

4.   The Buyer may offset claims of the Seller only if the Buyer's counterclaim
     is uncontested or has been confirmed by a non-appealable court decision. A
     right of retention may only be exercised insofar as it relates to claims
     arising from the contract of sale.

V.   DELIVERY TIME, DELAY IN DELIVERY AND FORCE MAJEURE

1.   Delivery dates and delivery periods which may be agreed as either binding
     or non-binding are to be stated in writing or by electronic mail. Where
     orders are being processed in an EDP system, a delivery date or a delivery
     period shall be deemed to have been agreed if the Seller has taken it into
     account in a way that is apparent to the Buyer. Delivery periods shall
     commence upon conclusion of the contract.

2.   The Buyer may demand delivery six weeks after a non-binding delivery date
     or a non-binding delivery period has been exceeded. The Seller is in delay
     from the time that it receives this demand. If the Buyer wishes to
     withdraw from the contract and/or claim damages in lieu of performance, it
     must set for the Seller a reasonable period within which to effect delivery
     after the end of the six-week period pursuant to sentence 1. The Buyer
     shall not be entitled to seek damages in the event of slight negligence on
     the part of the Seller.

     If performance becomes impossible for the Seller by coincidence while it is
     in delay, the Seller shall be liable within the scope of the limitations on
     liability agreed above. The Seller shall not be liable if the damage would
     have been incurred even if the delivery had been made on time.

3.   If a binding delivery date or binding delivery period is exceeded, the
     Seller is in delay as soon as the delivery date or delivery period is
     exceeded. The rights of the Buyer shall then be determined by clause 2
     sentences 3 to 6 of this section.

4.   In the event that the Seller is temporarily prevented from delivering at
     the agreed time or within the agreed period through no fault of its own,
     due to force majeure. or operational disruptions occurring at the Seller's
     or its suppliers', the dates and periods referred, to in clauses 1 to 3
     shall be extended by the duration of the impairment of performance. The
     same shall apply if not all permits have been granted or not all documents,
     payments, securities, transport containers and means of transport to be
     provided by the Buyer have been received by the Seller on time. If
     disruptions pursuant to sentence 1 result in performance being postponed by
     more than four months, both Seller and Buyer shall be entitled to withdraw
     from the contract. This shall not prejudice other rights to withdraw from
     the contract.

VI.  ACCEPTANCE AND DELAY OF THE BUYER


                                                                   Page 55 of 86

<PAGE>

1.   The Buyer is obliged to accept the objects of sale within 30 days of
     receiving notice of readiness for delivery or, where orders are being
     processed in an EDP system, within 30 days of the time at which the Buyer
     can see in the EDP system that the objects of sale are ready for delivery.
     In the absence of either a notice of readiness for delivery or a processing
     of the orders in an EDP system, the Buyer is obliged to accept the objects
     of sale within 30 days following the end of the month for which delivery
     was agreed upon, unless the Seller is in delay of delivery.

2.   Should the Buyer fail to accept the objects of sale, the Seller may
     exercise its statutory rights. The same applies if the Seller is unable to
     deliver because the Buyer has failed to supply the permits, documentation,
     payments, securities, transport containers or means of transport which it
     is required to provide or it does not assume transportation for which it is
     responsible. In the event of non-acceptance, the Seller is also entitled to
     send the items to the Buyer at the latter's expense and risk.

3.   Should the Seller seek damages, such damages shall amount to *% of the
     agreed purchase price. This amount may be increased if the Seller is able
     to prove greater damage or reduced if the Buyer can prove that the damage
     was lower.

VII. RESERVATION OF TITLE

1.   The objects of sale shall remain the property of the Seller until such
     time as the claims accruing to the Seller by virtue of the contract of
     sale have been settled. The reservation of title also applies to claims
     acquired by the Seller against the Buyer arising from the ongoing business
     relationship until such time as the claims of the Seller in connection with
     the sale have been settled.

2.   Any processing or modification of the reserved-title goods by the Buyer or
     a third party or the combination of such goods with other goods shall be
     for the Seller. The Seller shall acquire co-ownership of the newly created
     products which are deemed to be reserved-title goods within the meaning of
     this Section VII, such that its share of the new products corresponds to
     the value of the originally supplied objects of sale.

3.   The Seller consents to the resale of the reserved-title goods by the Buyer
     within the scope of its ordinary course of business; such consent being
     revocable and subject to the provisions of clause B. The Buyer may not
     pledge the reserved-title goods or assign them by way of security. To
     secure all claims arising from the ongoing business relationship, the Buyer
     assigns to the Seller its claims from the resale of the reserved-title
     goods in the amount of the Seller's claim to the purchase price.

*    Confidential portions omitted and filed separately with the Securities and
     Exchange Commission pursuant to an application for confidential treatment
     pursuant to Rule 24b-2 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as
     amended.


                                                                   Page 56 of 86

<PAGE>

     Until its authorization is revoked, the Buyer is entitled and obliged to
     collect the debts assigned to the Seller. Should the Buyer suspend payments
     generally, this collection authorisation shall end without the need for
     explicit revocation.

4.   At the request of the Buyer, the Seller shall release the security provided
     in accordance with the foregoing provisions - at its discretion - insofar
     as the realizable value of this security exceeds the claims to be secured
     arising from the ongoing business relationship by *%.

5.   The Buyer is obliged to carefully look after the reserved-title goods for
     the Seller, to keep them in perfect technical condition and to have any
     necessary repairs carried out without delay. The reserved-title goods are
     to be serviced and repaired in workshops expressly approved by the
     manufacturer for the servicing of the objects of sale, except in cases of
     emergency.

6.   As long as reservation of title remains in force, the Buyer shall be
     required at the demand of the Seller to insure the reserved-title goods
     with all-risk cover at their value as new or in the amount of the
     outstanding claim, with the proviso that the rights arising from the
     insurance accrue to the Seller. The Seller shall be entitled to demand the
     insurance certificate.

7.   In the event of attachment or of other impediments to the owner's
     interests, the Buyer shall inform the Seller without delay.

8.   Should the Buyer fail to meet its payment and insurance obligations or
     other obligations arising from the reservation of title including the
     assignment of debts, or suspend payments in general, or should insolvency
     proceedings be instituted in respect of its assets or, as a result of the
     conduct of the Buyer, notification from the insurer provided for in the
     insurance certificate is sent to the Seller, the full outstanding balance
     shall fall due immediately, even if bills of exchange with later maturity
     dates are running, and any right of the Buyer to dispose of the
     reserved-title goods pursuant to clause 3 shall lapse. If the full
     outstanding balance is not paid immediately, the right of the Buyer to use
     the reserved-title goods shall lapse. The Seller shall be entitled after
     the expiration of a 14-day period of grace granted by it, or, in the event
     of the Buyer suspending payments in general or insolvency proceedings being
     instituted, immediately, to demand the restitution of the reserved-title
     goods excluding any right of retention, and to collect them from the Buyer.
     Such action shall not require cancellation of the contract; the demand for
     restitution and collection of the reserved-title goods shall not constitute
     a withdrawal from the contract.

     The repossession by the Seller of reserved-title goods in which third
     parties have co-ownership rights shall also constitute repossession for the
     co-owners. The Buyer shall be liable for all costs incurred in connection
     with repossession and realization of the value of the reserved-title goods.
     Notwithstanding the payment obligation of the Buyer, the Seller is entitled
     - where applicable by agreement with the co-owners -

*    Confidential portions omitted and filed separately with the Securities and
     Exchange Commission pursuant to an application for confidential treatment
     pursuant to Rule 24b-2 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as
     amended.


                                                                   Page 57 of 86

<PAGE>

     to realize the value of the repossessed reserved-title goods and
     accessories at the beat price through sale on the open market or by public
     auction. The proceeds after deduction of costs will, insofar as they are
     not owed to the Seller or a third party to cover existing claims, be paid
     to the Buyer.

9.   If the country in whose territory the objects of sale are located does not
     permit reservation of title, but does permit the Seller to reserve other
     rights to the objects of sale, the Seller may exercise all such rights. The
     Buyer is obliged to take at its own expense all steps which are necessary
     to enable the reservation of title or other substitute right over the
     objects of sale to take effect and to be maintained.

VIII. DEFECTS

1.   Claims of the Buyer on grounds of defects in passenger cars shall become
     time-barred as provided by statutory provisions after two years from the
     date when the object of sale concerned was first registered or brought into
     service, depending an which came first, but no later than 30 months after
     delivery of the object of sale concerned unless otherwise agreed in the
     clauses below.

2.   In the event of malicious non-disclosure of defects or of a guarantee given
     for quality, claims over and above those set forth in clause 1 remain
     unaffected.

3.   The end purchaser may assert its claims for rectification of defects
     against the party which sold the object of sale concerned to it or against
     other workshops approved by the manufacturer for the servicing of the
     objects of sale. The Buyer must notify the Seller in each event as soon as
     it becomes aware of such claims being asserted. The Buyer shall have no
     recourse against the Seller in respect of claims far subsequent performance
     and withdrawal from the contract. Instead, the Seller shall reimburse the
     Buyer in respect of the costs necessitated by the subsequent performance or
     the damage incurred through exclusion of the right of withdrawal, less any
     expenses saved and income received in connection with any other use of or
     benefit obtained from the object of sale concerned.

4.   If a defect renders an object of sale unusable, the nearest available
     workshop to the unusable object of sale which has been approved by the
     manufacturer for the servicing of the objects of sale shall be informed.

5.   Replaced objects of sale or parts thereof shall be kept for the purpose of
     inspection by the Seller at a place specified by the Seller and returned to
     it upon request. Should the claims for defects prove to be justified, the
     items shall become the property of the Seller and the Seller shall bear the
     costs of their return.

6.   Claims for defects relating to the parts used to remedy defects may be
     asserted on the basis of the contract of sale until the end of the
     limitation period for the object of sale concerned.


                                                                   Page 58 of 86

<PAGE>

7.   A change in ownership of the objects of sale will not affect claims for the
     rectification of defects.

X.   LIABILITY

1.   If the Seller is to be held responsible under the statutory provisions in
     accordance with these terms and conditions for damage caused by slight
     negligence, the liability of the Seller shall be limited as follows:

     The Seller shall be liable only for the breach of obligations essential to
     the contract and its liability shall be limited to the typical damage which
     was foreseeable at the time the contract was concluded. This limitation
     shall not apply in the event of injury to life, limb or health. So far as
     the damage is covered by insurance taken out by the Buyer for the
     respective damaging event (excluding fixed-sum insurance), the Seller shall
     only he liable for any associated disadvantage suffered by the Buyer e.g.
     increased insurance premiums or the cost of interest until such time as the
     claim is settled by the insurer.

     The Seller shall not be held liable for damage caused by slight negligence
     through a defect in an object of sale.

2.   Regardless of the issue of fault, this shall not prejudice the liability of
     the Seller in the event of malicious non-disclosure of a defect, or if the
     Seller has provided a guarantee or accepted a procurement risk, or under
     the terms of the German Product Liability Act.

3.   Liability in the event of delay in delivery is governed conclusively by the
     provisions of Section V.

4.   The legal representatives, vicarious agents and employees of the Seller
     shall bear no personal liability for damage caused by slight negligence on
     their part.

XI.  PLACE OF PERFORMANCE, JURISDICTION AND APPLICABLE LAW

1.   The place of performance for delivery of the objects of sale shall be the
     manufacturing plant.

2.   Should any provision of these terms end conditions and of the other
     agreements made be or become invalid, this shall not affect the validity of
     the contract in any other respect. The parties to the contract undertake to
     replace the invalid provision with a provision that accords most closely in
     terms of its commercial effects.

3.   The courts of Stuttgart shall have exclusive jurisdiction over all present
     and future claims arising from the business relationship between the Seller
     and the Buyer, including claims based on bills of exchange or checks. The
     Seller is also entitled to sue at the domicile of the Buyer.

4.   The contract is governed by German law. INCOTERMS 2000 shall apply. The
     United Nations Convention on the International Sale of Goods dated April
     11, 1980 shall not apply.


                                                                   Page 59 of 86

<PAGE>

                                                                    (SMART LOGO)

TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF SALE FOR PARTS, COMPONENTS AND ACCESSORIES ABROAD

Exclusively applicable to sales by or on behalf of smart gmbh to foreign
business persons who in concluding the contract of sale are acting in a
commercial or independent professional capacity, and to public authorities
abroad.

I.   SCOPE OF APPLICATION

1.   The contract of sale shall be governed exclusively by these Terms and
     Conditions of Sale. Conflicting terms of the Buyer shall not apply.

2.   These terms and conditions of sale apply to the sale of new and
     reconditioned original smart parts and components, and vehicle accessories
     to business persons domiciled outside the Federal Republic of Germany who,
     in concluding the contract of sale, are acting in a commercial or
     independent professional capacity, and to foreign public authorities and
     foreign publicly-owned legal entities.

II.  CONCLUSION OF THE CONTRACT, AMENDMENTS TO THE CONTRACT AND ASSIGNMENT

1.   Offers of the Seller are not binding.

2.   The Buyer shall be bound by the order for a period not exceeding four
     weeks. The contract of sale is concluded when within this period the Seller
     confirms in writing or by electronic mail the acceptance of the order for
     the objects of sale described in more detail or, if the order is to be
     processed in an electronic data processing system (EDP system), at the
     time when the Buyer can see in the EDP system that the Seller has begun
     processing the order. In any event, the contract of sale shall be concluded
     when delivery has been made. The Seller shall be obliged to inform the
     Buyer without delay if it does not accept the order.

3.   Amendments or addenda to the contract and oral statements must be in
     writing or by electronic mail, or, if the order is being processed in an
     EDP system, the Seller must have taken them into account in a way that is
     apparent to the Buyer.

4.   During the delivery period, the manufacturer's right to make design or
     shape modifications, to deviate from the color shade and make changes to
     the scope of delivery is reserved, provided that the Buyer can reasonably
     be expected to accept such changes or deviations, taking the interests of
     the Seller into account.

     The Buyer cannot derive any rights from any marks or numbering used by the
     Seller or the manufacturer to identify the order or the objects of sale
     ordered.

5.   The rights and duties of the Buyer arising from the contract of sale may
     not be transferred without the Seller's consent in writing or by electronic
     mail.


                                                                   Page 60 of 86

<PAGE>

III. DELIVERY AND PRICES

1.   Delivery shall be made "exw factory delivery store".

2.   Partial deliveries are permitted, insofar as the Buyer can be reasonably
     expected to accept them.

3.   The Seller does not accept a no-fault procurement risk for the objects of
     sale.

4.   In cases where any objects of sale cannot be delivered on the scheduled
     delivery date due to the discontinuation of series production, both
     parties shall be released from the obligations under the contract of sale
     insofar as these objects of sale are concerned. In such a case the Seller
     shall inform the Buyer without delay and reimburse any counter-performance
     received without delay. In such a case, the Seller shall not be obliged
     either to deliver the originally ordered objects of sale or to pay damages.

5.   The purchase price comprises the export list price valid on the delivery
     date plus any value-added tax applicable on the delivery data.

IV.  PAYMENT, DELAY IN PAYMENT AND OFFSETTING

1.   The purchase price and prices for incidental services shall be payable less
     any agreed discounts upon delivery of the objects of sale and submission of
     the invoice or other means of rendering account. Payments for parts shall
     be mutually agreed upon based upon the principal that smart gmbh shall not
     be conducting business in the United States.

2.   Payment must be made in the currency specified on the invoice and in such a
     way that the Seller does not incur any costs.

3.   Should the Buyer default on payment, including with respect to individual
     invoices, the Seller shall be entitled to demand payment in advance for the
     consignments in transit and subsequent deliveries from all ongoing
     contracts.

4.   The Buyer may offset claims of the Seller only if the Buyer's counterclaim
     is uncontested or has been confirmed by a non- appealable court decision. A
     right of retention may only be exercised insofar as it relates to claims
     arising from the contract of sale.

V.   DELIVERY TIME, DELAY IN DELIVERY AND FORCE MAJEURE

1.   Delivery dates and delivery periods which may be agreed as either binding
     or non-binding are to be stated in writing or by electronic mail. Where
     orders are being processed in an EDP system, a delivery date or a delivery
     period shall be deemed to have been agreed if the Seller has taken it into
     account in a way that is apparent to the Buyer. Delivery periods shall
     commence upon conclusion of the contract.


                                                                   Page 61 of 86
<PAGE>

2.   The Buyer may demand delivery six weeks after a non-binding delivery date
     or a non-binding delivery period has been exceeded. The Seller is in delay
     from the time that it receives this demand. If the Buyer wishes to withdraw
     from the contract and/or claim damages in lieu of performance, it must set
     for the Seller a reasonable period within which to effect delivery after
     the end of the six-week period pursuant to Sentence 1. The Buyer shall not
     be entitled to seek damages in the event of slight negligence on the part
     of the Seller.

     If performance becomes impossible for the Seller by coincidence while it is
     in delay, the Seller shall be liable within the scope of the limitations
     on liability agreed above. The Seller shall not be liable if the damage
     would have been incurred even if delivery had been made on time.

3.   If a binding delivery date or binding delivery period is exceeded, the
     Seller is in delay as soon as the delivery date or delivery period is
     exceeded. The rights of the Buyer shall then be determined by clause 2
     sentences 3 to 6 of this section.

4.   In the event that the Seller is temporarily prevented from delivering at
     the agreed time or within the agreed period through no fault of its own,
     due to force majeure or operational disruptions occurring at the Seller's
     or its suppliers', the dates and periods referred to in clauses 1 to 3
     shall be extended by the duration of the impairment of performance. The
     same shall apply if not all permits have been granted or not all
     documents, payments, securities, transport containers and means of
     transport to be provided by the Buyer have been received by the Seller on
     time. If disruptions pursuant to sentence 1 result in performance being
     postponed by more than four months, both Seller and Buyer shall be
     entitled to withdraw from the contract. This shall not prejudice other
     rights to withdraw from the contract.

VI.  ACCEPTANCE AND DELAY OF THE BUYER

1.   The Buyer is obliged to accept the objects of sale without delay upon
     receiving notice of readiness for delivery or, where orders are being
     processed in an EDP system, without delay from the time when the Buyer can
     See in the EDP system that the objects of sale are ready for delivery. In
     the absence of either a notice of readiness for delivery or a processing of
     the orders in an EDP system, the Buyer shall accept the objects of sale
     without delay from the date upon which delivery was agreed, unless the
     Seller is in delay of delivery.

2.   Should the Buyer fail to accept the objects of sale, the Seller may
     exercise its statutory rights. The same applies if the Seller is unable to
     deliver because the Buyer has failed to supply the permits, documentation,
     payments, securities, transport containers or means of transport which it
     is required to provide or it does not assume transportation for which it is
     responsible. In the event of non-acceptance, the Seller is also entitled to
     send the objects of sale to the Buyer at the latter's expense and risk.


                                                                   Page 62 of 86

<PAGE>

3.   Should the Seller seek damages, such damages shall amount to *% of the
     agreed purchase price. This amount may be increased if the Seller is able
     to prove greater damage, or reduced if the Buyer can prove that the damage
     was lower.

VII. RESERVATION OF TITLE

1.   The objects of sale shall remain the property of the Seller until such time
     as the claims accruing to the Seller by virtue of the contract of sale have
     been settled. The reservation of title also applies to claims acquired by
     the Seller against the Buyer arising from the ongoing business relationship
     until such time as the claims of the Seller in connection with the sale
     have been settled.

2.   Any processing or modification of the reserved-title goods by the Buyer or
     a third party or the combination of such goods with other goods shall be
     for the Seller. The Seller shall acquire co-ownership of the newly created
     products which are deemed to be reserved-title goods within the meaning of
     this Section VII, such that its share of the new products corresponds to
     the value of the objects of sale.

3.   The Seller consents to the resale by the Buyer of the goods in which title
     is reserved within the scope of its ordinary course of business; such
     consent being revocable and subject to the provisions of clause 8. The
     Buyer may not pledge the reserved- title goods or assign them by way of
     security. To secure all claims arising from the ongoing business
     relationship, the Buyer assigns to the Seller its claims from the resale of
     the reserved-title goods in the amount of the Seller's claim to the
     purchase price.

     Until its authorization is revoked, the Buyer is entitled and obliged to
     collect the debts assigned to the Seller. Should the Buyer suspend
     payments generally, this collection authorization shall end without the
     need for explicit revocation.

4.   At the request of the Buyer, the Seller shall release the security
     provided in accordance with the foregoing provisions - at its discretion -
     insofar as the realizable value of this security exceeds the claims to be
     secured arising from the ongoing business relationship by *%.

5.   The Buyer is obliged to carefully look after the reserved-title goods for
     the Seller, to keep them in perfect technical condition and to have any
     necessary repairs carried out without delay. The reserved-title goods are
     to be serviced and repaired in workshops expressly approved by the
     manufacturer for the servicing of the objects of sale, except in cases of
     emergency.

6.   AS long as reservation of title remains in force, the Buyer shall be
     required at the demand of the Seller to insure the reserved-title goods
     with all-risk cover at their value as new or in the amount of the
     outstanding claim, with the proviso that the rights arising from the
     insurance accrue to the Seller. The Seller shall be entitled to demand the
     insurance certificate.

*    Confidential portions omitted and filed separately with the Securities and
     Exchange Commission pursuant to an application for confidential treatment
     pursuant to Rule 24b-2 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as
     amended.


                                                                   Page 63 of 86

<PAGE>

7.   In the event of attachment or of other impediments to the owner's
     interests, the Buyer shall inform the Seller without delay.

8.   Should the Buyer fail to meet its payment and insurance obligations or
     other obligations arising from the reservation of title including the
     assignment of debts, or suspend payments in general or should insolvency
     proceedings be instituted in respect of its assets or, as a result of the
     conduct of the Buyer, notification from the insurer provided for in the
     insurance certificate is sent to the Seller, the full outstanding balance
     shall fall due immediately, even if bills of exchange with later maturity
     dates are running, and any right of the Buyer to dispose of the
     reserved-title goods pursuant to clause 3 shall lapse. If the full
     outstanding balance is not paid immediately, the right of the Buyer to use
     the reserved-title goods shall lapse. The Seller shall be entitled after
     the expiration of a 14-day period of grace granted by it, or, in the event
     of the Buyer suspending payments in general or insolvency proceedings being
     instituted, immediately, to demand the restitution of the reserved-title
     goods excluding any right of retention and to collect them from the Buyer.
     Such action shall not require cancellation of the contract; the demand for
     restitution and collection of the goods in which title is reserved shall
     not constitute a withdrawal from the contract.

     The repossession by the Seller of reserved-title goods in which third
     parties have co-ownership rights shall also constitute repossession for the
     co-owners. The Buyer shall be liable for all costs incurred in connection
     with the repossession and realization of the value of the reserved-title
     goods. Notwithstanding the payment obligation of the Buyer, the Seller is
     entitled - where applicable by agreement with the co-owners - to realize
     the value of the repossessed reserved-title goods and accessories at the
     best price through sale on the open market or by public auction. The
     proceeds after deduction of costs will, insofar as they are not owed to the
     Seller or a third party to cover existing claims, be paid to the Buyer.

9.   If the country in whose territory the objects of sale are located does not
     permit reservation of title, but does permit the Seller to reserve other
     rights to the objects of sale, the Seller may exercise all such rights. The
     Buyer is obliged to take at its own expense all steps which are necessary
     to permit the reservation of title or other substitute right over the
     objects of sale to take effect and to be maintained.

VIII. INSTALLATION

Any installation of the objects of sale undertaken by the Buyer shall be on the
Buyer's own responsibility. The Buyer must ensure compliance with the
installation instructions and guidelines for storage of the objects of sale.

IX.  DEFECTS

1.   Claims of the Buyer on grounds of defects in parts, components or
     accessories intended to be installed in passenger cars shall


                                                                   Page 64 of 86
<PAGE>

     expire as provided by statutory provisions after two years from the date of
     delivery of the object of sale concerned unless otherwise agreed in the
     clauses below.

2.   In the event of malicious non-disclosure of defects or of a guarantee given
     for quality, claims over and above those set forth in clause 1 remain
     unaffected.

3.   The end purchaser may assert its claims for rectification of defects
     against the party which sold the object of sale concerned to it or against
     other workshops approved by the manufacturer for the servicing of the
     objects of sale. The Buyer must notify the Seller in each event as soon as
     it becomes aware of such claims being asserted. The Buyer shall have
     no recourse against the Seller with respect to claims for subsequent
     performance and withdrawal from the contract. Instead, the Seller shall
     reimburse the Buyer with respect to the costs necessitated by subsequent
     performance or the damage incurred through exclusion of the right of
     withdrawal, less any expenses saved and income received in connection with
     any other use of or benefit obtained from the object of sale concerned.

4.   Replaced objects of sale or parts thereof shall be kept for the purpose of
     inspection by the Seller at a place specified by the Seller, and returned
     to it upon its request. Should the claims for defects prove to be
     justified, such parts shall become the property of the Seller and the
     Seller shall bear the costs of their return.

5.   Claims for defects relating to the parts used to remedy defects may be
     asserted on the basis of the contract of sale until the end of the
     limitation period for the object of sale concerned.

6.   A change in ownership of the objects of sale will not affect claims for the
     rectification of defects.

X.   LIABILITY

1.   If the Seller is to be held responsible under the statutory provisions in
     accordance with these terms and conditions for damage caused by slight
     negligence, the liability of the Seller shall be limited as follows:

     The Seller shall be liable only for the breach of obligations essential to
     the contract and its liability shall be limited to the typical damage which
     is foreseeable at the time the contract was concluded. This limitation
     shall not apply in the event of injury to life, limb or health. Insofar as
     the damage is covered by insurance taken out by the Buyer for the
     respective damaging event (excluding fixed-sum insurance), the Seller shall
     only be liable for any associated disadvantage suffered by the Buyer e.g,
     increased insurance premiums or the coat of interest until such time as the
     claim is settled by the insurer.

     The Seller shall not be held liable for damage caused by slight negligence
     through a defect in an object of sale.


                                                                   Page 65 of 86

<PAGE>

2.   Regardless of the issue of fault, this shall not prejudice the liability of
     the Seller in the event of malicious non-disclosure of a defect, or if the
     Seller has provided a guarantee or accepted a procurement risk or under the
     terms of the German Product Liability Act.

3.   Liability in the event of delay in delivery is governed, conclusively by
     the provisions of Section V.

4.   The legal representatives, vicarious agents and employees of the Seller
     shall bear no personal liability for damage caused by slight negligence on
     their part.

XI.  GENERAL

1.   Place of performance for the delivery of the objects of sale shall be the
     Seller's store.

2.   Should any provision of these terms and conditions and of the other
     agreements made be or become invalid, this shall not affect the validity of
     the contract in any other respect. The parties to the contract undertake to
     replace the invalid provision with a provision that accords most closely in
     terms of its commercial effects.

3.   The courts of Stuttgart shall have exclusive jurisdiction over all present
     and future claims arising from the business relationship between the Seller
     and the Buyer, including claims based on bills of exchange or checks. The
     Seller is also entitled to sue at the domicile of the Buyer.

4.   The contract is governed by German law. INCOTERMS 2000 shall apply. The
     United Nations convention on the International Sale of Goods dated April
     11, 1980 shall not apply.


                                                                   Page 66 of 86

<PAGE>

                                    ANNEX 7

                   TRADE AND SERVICES MARKS LICENSING CLAUSE

1.   SMART MARKS

1.1  Smart gmbh is the proprietor of the  following trade and service  marks in
     the Contract Territory ("smart Marks") and their applications and
     registrations:

     Serial No. 74/734869 SMART (word mark) in international class 12

     Registration No. 2837584 SMART (word mark) in international class 37

     Registration No. 2927097 (smart-ring device) in international classes 12
     and 37

                                     (LOGO)

1.2  The smart Marks are and remain the property of smart gmbh. This property
     right shall neither be prejudiced by these Trade and Service Marks
     Licensing Clauses, nor by the Distributor Agreement, nor by any other
     agreement between the Parties.

1.3  The smart Marts are subject of these Trade and Service Marks Licensing
     Clauses, unless their protection period in the Contract Territory has
     expired, smart gmbh does not accept any liability for the validity of the
     smart Marks or the right to use the smart Marks, other than the use of the
     smart Marks on Contract Goods.

1.4  If smart gmbh adds, modifies, replaces or amends marks used by its
     distribution partners, Annex 8 will be amended accordingly.

2.   RIGHT OF USE OF SMART MARKS FOR CONTRACT GOODS

2.1  smart gmbh hereby grants to DISTRIBUTOR the right of non-exclusive use of
     the smart Marks for sales and services in relation to Contract Goods in the
     Contract Territory. During the duration of the Distributor Agreement smart
     gmbh warrants not to grant any third party any right to use the smart Marks
     in the context of sale and service of Contract Goods in the Contract
     Territory according to the Distributor Agreement.

2.2  DISTRIBUTOR is obliged to use the smart Marks on all documents,
     CI-elements, stationary and advertisements relating to Contract Goods.

2.3  The use of The smart Marks by DISTRIBUTOR shall be made only in the
     positions and in the form and manner determined by smart gmbh. Other marks
     or designations must not be used by DISTRIBUTOR in connection with Contract
     Goods.

2.4  If DISTRIBUTOR intends to perform other services than those set forth in
     the Distributor Agreement, the prior written approval of smart gmbh for the
     use of the smart Marks is required. The granting of such approval shall be
     in smart gmbh's sole discretion.

2.5  DISTRIBUTOR is permitted to use the word mark "smart" in the combination
     "smart USA" as an integral part of its company name. All such uses of the
     word Mark "smart" shall inure to the benefit of smart gmbh. DISTRIBUTOR
     hereby assigns and transfers to smart gmbh any and all rights arising of
     such uses except the rights granted by smart gmbh to DISTRIBUTOR under the
     Distributor Agreement.


                                                                   Page 67 of 86

<PAGE>

2.6  The right to use the smart Marks extends to the use of the domain
     www.smartusa.com.  All such use shall inure to the benefit of smart gmbh.
     DISTRIBUTOR hereby assigns and transfers to smart gmbh any and all rights
     arising of such uses except the rights granted by smart gmbh to DISTRIBUTOR
     under the Distributor Agreement.

3.   RIGHT OF USE FOR OTHER PURPOSES

3.1  The use of the smart Marks in the distribution, presentation and in any
     type of advertising practiced by DISTRIBUTOR, such as prospectus, newspaper
     and magazine advertising or advertising by way of posters and any other
     outdoor advertising, must be in compliance with smart gmbh's corporate
     identity guidelines and is subject to regular consultations with smart
     gmbh. Any products with regard to the CI-elements must be procured from
     suppliers that have been recommended by smart gmbh.

3.2  The use of the smart Marks on or in connection with advertising gifts or
     any other general advertising and publicity, including advertising by
     expressly authorized business representatives of DISTRIBUTOR in the
     Contractual Territory, requires the prior written approval of smart gmbh.
     The granting of such consent shall be in smart gmbh's sole discretion.

3.3  The lay-out of any stationery, invoices, or other correspondence depicting
     the smart Marks rust be approved by smart gmbh.

4.   SCOPE OF USE

The use of smart Marks is restricted to the Contract Territory. In case smart
gmbh permits the distribution of Contract Goods into countries outside of the
Contract Territory, the Parties will conclude a separate prior agreement on the
use of the smart Marks in the export country.

5.   FEES AND DEFENSE OF SMART MARKS

5.1  The consideration for the use of the smart Marks is included in the
     purchase prices of Contract Goods and covered by the joint effort of the
     Parties to defend the smart Marks against any violations by third parties
     in the Contract Territory.

5.2  DISTRIBUTOR shall therefore monitor the market with regard to any
     infringements of the smart Marks by third parties and will immediately
     notify smart gmbh of any unlawful use. DISTRIBUTOR will assist smart gmbh
     to the best of its ability in the defense of the smart Marks. No litigation
     or controversy involving the smart Marks shall be initiated or settled
     Without the prior written approval of smart gmbh. All costs of litigation,
     negotiation or settlements concerning collisions of the smart Marks in and
     in relation with the Contract Territory which occur following the execution
     of the Distributor Agreement shall be borne, up to a maximum amount of EUR
     * per calendar year (i.e. EUR * for each Party), equally by the Parties.
     All costs Of litigation, negotiation or settlements concerning collisions
     of the smart Marks which have started before the execution of the
     Distribution Agreement shall he borne by smart gmbh.

     If costs of litigation, negotiation or settlements concerning collisions of
     the smart Marks in and in relation with the Contract Territory exceed EUR *
     per calendar year (i.e. EUR * for both DISTRIBUTOR and smart gmbh each),
     smart gmbh will bear those exceeding costs alone. DISTRIBUTOR shall have no
     rights and/or claims against smart gmbh, should the latter decide not to
     proceed against the breaches.

6.   NON-ASSIGNMENT OF RIGHTS TO THIRD PARTIES

*    Confidential portions omitted and filed separately with the Securities and
     Exchange Commission pursuant to an application for confidential treatment
     pursuant to Rule 24b-2 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as
     amended.


                                                                   Page 68 of 86

<PAGE>

6.1  DISTRIBUTOR shall not be entitled to assign or transfer to any third
     parties any of the rights to use any of the smart Marks.

6.2  As an exception to Clause 6.1 above, DISTRIBUTOR shall with the prior
     written approval of smart gmbh in each single case authorize its Authorized
     Resellers to use the smart Marks in the due course of their business and in
     accordance with the rules and regulations laid down in these Trade and
     Service Marks Licensing Clauses. This right shall be effective during the
     term of the Distributor Agreement only and must be revocable at any time if
     the smart Marks are not used in accordance with the terms of the Trade and
     Service Marks Licensing Clauses.

6.3  DISTRIBUTOR shall include in all subcontracts provisions which will grant
     smart gmbh full protection as is provided for under these Trade and Service
     Marks Licensing Clauses and which will entitle smart gmbh to exercise all
     rights directly against such third parties to the extent that smart gmbh
     deems necessary. Upon third failure of DISTRIBUTOR to abide by the above
     regulations may be construed by smart gmbh as a gross breach of contract.

7.   TERMINATION

7.1  smart gmbh shall have the right to terminate DISTRIBUTOR'S right to use the
     smart Marks upon serving a written notice without need for any further
     legal or judicial action:

     (a)  if any smart Mark is used by DISTRIBUTOR in a manner contrary to these
          Trade and Service Marks Licensing Clauses and if DISTRIBUTOR does not
          discontinue such unauthorized use within thirty (30) days from receipt
          of a request from smart gmbh demanding discontinuation;

     (b)  if any smart Mark is used by any Authorized Reseller of DISTRIBUTOR in
          a manner contrary to this Agreement and/or the Authorized Reseller's
          agreement with DISTRIBUTOR if DISTRIBUTOR does not take action to stop
          such unauthorized use, where it is legally permitted to do so by
          Applicable Laws, within thirty (30) days from receipt of a request
          from smart gmbh demanding discontinuation; or

     (c)  if any situation happens that entitles smart gmbh to terminate the
          Distributor Agreement; or

     (d)  if smart gmbh is prohibited by a court of a competent jurisdiction to
          use the smart Marks in the Contract Territory.

7.2  DISTRIBUTOR'S right to use the smart Marks shall automatically terminate
     upon the expiration or termination of the Distributor Agreement. In
     particular, DISTRIBUTOR'S right to use the word Mark "smart" as an integral
     part of its company name or domain name shall automatically terminate upon
     termination of the Distributor Agreement. Notwithstanding, in case the
     Contract Goods are, upon termination of the Distributor Agreement, not
     resold to smart gmbh, but remain With DISTRIBUTOR according to Article 14.4
     (viii) and 14.4 (iv) of the Distributor Agreement, DISTRIBUTOR may have a
     limited right to use the smart Marks within a period not exceeding twelve
     (12) months and only in the context of the Contract Products.

8.   OBLIGATIONS UPON TERMINATION

8.1  Subject to the Distributor Agreement in the event of permission of
     DISTRIBUTOR'S right to use the smart Marks for any reason, DISTRIBUTOR
     shall cease to utilize the smart Marks for any purpose at any time after
     such termination and shall remove or have removed the smart Marks
     immediately from wherever they have been affixed by or on behalf of
     DISTRIBUTOR.

8.2  DISTRIBUTOR shall ensure that its Authorized Resellers and agents also
     adhere to the provisions of Clause 8.1 above.


                                                                   Page 69 of 86

<PAGE>

                                    ANNEX 8

                            ALLOCATIONS OF FUNCTIONS

Draft Version, final version to be mutually agreed upon and added to the
Agreement by December 31, 2006

ALLOCATION OF WHOLESALE FUNCTIONS

*




















*    Confidential portions omitted and filed separately with the Securities and
     Exchange Commission pursuant to an application for confidential treatment
     pursuant to Rule 24b-2 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as
     amended.


                                                              Pps 70 to 84 of 86

<PAGE>

                                     ANNEX 9

                              TREAD Act Information

*

*    Confidential portions omitted and filed separately with the Securities and
     Exchange Commission pursuant to an application for confidential treatment
     pursuant to Rule 24b-2 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as
     amended.

                                                                   Page 85 of 86

<PAGE>

                                    ANNEX 10

                  Field Actions, Service Campaigns and Recalls

*

*    Confidential portions omitted and filed separately with the Securities and
     Exchange Commission pursuant to an application for confidential treatment
     pursuant to Rule 24b-2 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as
     amended.


                                                                   Page 86 of 86
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
