# ITC Model Contract — International Contractual Alliance
# Source: International Trade Centre (ITC), 'Model Contracts for Small Firms', Geneva 2010
# via UN Digital Library https://digitallibrary.un.org/record/690490

ITC MODEL CONTRACT FOR AN
                               INTERNATIONAL CONTRACTUAL ALLIANCE

                             PARTIES:

                             Name (name of company)
                              . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
                             Legal form (e.g. limited liability company)
                              . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
                             Country of incorporation and (if appropriate) trade register number
                              . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
                             Address (place of business, phone, fax, e-mail)
                              . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
                              . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
                             Represented by (name, position, address)
                              . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
                              . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

                             Referred to as “ABC”

                             Name (name of company)
                              . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
                             Legal form (e.g. limited liability company)
                              . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
                             Country of incorporation and (if appropriate) trade register number
                              . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
                             Address (place of business, phone, fax, e-mail)
                              . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
                              . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
                             Represented by (name, position, address)
                              . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
                              . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

                             Referred to as “XYZ”

                             ABC and XYZ are together referred to as “the Parties” and individually as a
                             “party”.

                             [Add any further information required e.g. the Parties’ fiscal identities]

Background
                  A.    ABC is primarily based in [specify] and has particular technical expertise
                        in the field of [specify].

                  B.    XYZ is primarily based in [specify] and is engaged principally in the field
                        of [specify].

                  C.    The Parties believe that there are mutual benefits to be achieved by
                        working together and have agreed to establish a collaborative Alliance in
                        the field of [specify] on the terms of this contract.

Operative provisions

             1.   Objectives and key principles
                  1.1 The Parties agree to establish a collaborative Alliance (the “Alliance”)
                  whose primary objectives are:

                        Specify primary objectives of the Alliance. The following are examples
                        only:

                        1.1.1    To make ABC’s technical expertise in the field of . . . . . . . . .
                                 available to XYZ in order to develop its business in . . . . . . . . . . ;

                        1.1.2    To explore the various synergies which may be obtained by
                                 working together, particularly in the field of . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . ;

                        1.1.3    To undertake joint research Projects as may be agreed from time
                                 to time [and to consider the joint commercial exploitation of any new
                                 technology or products resulting from their joint research];

                        1.1.4    Generally, to explore commercial arrangements that will be for
                                 the mutual benefit of both Parties.

                  1.2 Each party acknowledges that the success of the Alliance will require a
                  cooperative working relationship established upon good communications and
                  team working between the Parties at all levels.

                  1.3 The Parties confirm their intention to establish and develop the Alliance
                  in accordance with the principles set out in this contract with a view to
                  achieving the success of the Alliance in their mutual best interests [Option, add
                  where appropriate: “Including the milestone targets and other goals set out in the Alliance
                  plan annexed to this contract”].

             2.   Management Committee
                  2.1 The Parties shall establish a committee (“Management Committee”)
                  responsible for overall organization, direction and management of the Alliance.
                  The role of the Management Committee shall primarily be:

                        [specify role of the Management Committee. The following is an example only:

                        2.1.1    To give strategic and operational direction to the Alliance;

                                    2.1.2    To approve particular Projects to be carried out through the Alliance,
                                             including any funding commitments of the Parties for those approved
                                             Projects;
                                    2.1.3    To develop targets and milestones in order that progress of the Alliance can
                                             be measured;
                                    2.1.4    To identify resources required to support the Alliance and agree the
                                             responsibilities of each party to provide those resources;
                                    2.1.5    To ensure that communications between the Parties are maintained
                                             actively and in a coordinated manner;
                                    2.1.6    To provide a forum in which any problems can be addressed constructively
                                             and resolved.]
                             2.2 Each party shall appoint two (2) representatives [vary number as appropriate]
                             to be members of the Management Committee (and shall consult with the
                             other party before any such appointment or any change in representation).
                             Each member shall have one vote. Decisions shall be made by simple majority
                             vote (provided that at least one (1) representative of each party is included in
                             that majority vote).
                             2.3 The first members of the Management Committee shall be: [specify names]
                             (appointed by ABC) and [specify names] (appointed by XYZ).
                             2.4 The chairman of the Management Committee shall be nominated by
                             [specify ABC or XYZ as appropriate] but shall not have any casting vote.
                             2.5 The Management Committee shall meet regularly (either telephonically,
                             by video conference or in person) and, unless otherwise agreed, not less than
                             quarterly. Unless otherwise agreed, the venue (if the meeting is in person)
                             shall alternate between the Parties. Communication on a regular basis shall be
                             encouraged between members of the Management Committee.
                             2.6 Any decision made by the Management Committee in relation to the
                             Alliance shall be binding and, where requiring action by the Parties, shall be
                             carried into effect by the Parties. A failure by a party to comply shall be a
                             breach of this contract.

                      3.     Contributions of the Parties
                             [Comment: This Article may be appropriate as a framework to set out principal
                             responsibilities or contributions of each party towards the Alliance. What does each party
                             expect the other to contribute to the Alliance?]
                             3.1 It is intended that each party shall contribute particular knowledge,
                             skills or services to assist the establishment and success of the Alliance. The
                             general responsibilities of each party are set out in this Article 3.
                             3.2    The general contributions of ABC towards the Alliance shall be:
                                    [These are examples only. Tailor description to each Alliance.]
                                    3.2.1    [To provide technical assistance (including through the provision of
                                             training) in the field of . . . . . . . . . on reasonable terms to be agreed
                                             between the Parties through the Management Committee (such technical
                                             assistance to be given under the terms of a technical assistance contract)];
                                    3.2.2    [ . . . . . . . . . . . . . .].

         3.3   The general contributions of XYZ towards the Alliance shall be:
               3.3.1 [To use its contacts, knowledge and distribution network in [country] to
               assist the promotion of [ABC’s products]];
               3.3.2 [To assist with the recruitment of local staff, facilities and resources for the
               operations of the Alliance];
               3.3.3    [ . . . . . . . . . . . . . .].
         3.4 Each party shall use all reasonable efforts to provide its contribution
         to promote the success of the Alliance. Each party shall be responsible for
         ensuring that it provides its contribution towards the Alliance using all such
         diligence and skill as is reasonable in the circumstances.
         [Alternative: If this is intended as a general statement of goodwill without legal liability,
         delete the above Article 3.4 and replace with the following:
         “3.4 Each party shall use all reasonable efforts to provide its contribution to promote the
         success of the Alliance. The Alliance will, however, be built on trust between the Parties
         and neither party shall (unless otherwise specified in this contract) have any legal liability
         to the other in respect of the standard, adequacy or performance of its contribution.”]

    4.   Joint Projects
         [Comment: An Article of this kind may be appropriate where a joint research or other
         technical Project is to be undertaken. The provisions will need to be tailored to the
         circumstances of each Alliance.]
         4.1 A particular objective of the Alliance is to identify appropriate Projects
         for joint research or other collaboration between the Parties, particularly in
         the field of [specify field]. These Projects will be aimed at developments where
         the results will be of benefit to both Parties. These Projects may lead, in
         appropriate cases, to arrangements for joint commercial exploitation.
         4.2 Joint research or other Projects to be undertaken by the Alliance will be
         agreed and directed by the Management Committee who shall:
               4.2.1    Establish financial resources for the Project (including any
                        minimum financial commitments of the Parties) and allocate
                        personnel to research Projects approved by the Management
                        Committee including the appointment of a Project Manager to
                        lead a Project team;
               4.2.2    Approve specific research plans; and
               4.2.3    Develop specific performance targets and periodically review
                        progress.
         4.3 After the Management Committee has approved plans for a particular
         Project, the Project team shall coordinate and implement all day-to-day
         activities of the Parties. The Project team shall work openly and cooperatively
         and shall meet periodically, as the Project Manager determines to be necessary,
         to coordinate their activities. Each party shall, through the Project Manager,
         periodically submit to the Management Committee progress reports in relation
         to its activities under each joint research Project.
         4.4 A more detailed Project contract shall, where considered appropriate by
         the Parties, be entered into in relation to a particular joint research or other
         collaborative Project to be funded by the Parties.

                      5.     Alliance costs
                             [Comment: This Article, or similar provisions, may be appropriate where each party is
                             to bear costs in relation to the Alliance that are to be administered out of a central Joint
                             Account. The concept of a limit on each party’s funding commitment is optional.]
                             5.1    For the purpose of this Article:

                             [Delete the following definition if no limit is set] “Aggregate Funding Commitment”
                             means, in relation to a party, that party’s maximum commitment to provide
                             finance for the Alliance, namely:
                                    ABC: [specify maximum commitment]
                                    XYZ:     [specify maximum commitment]
                             or such other amounts as shall from time to time be agreed between the Parties;
                             “Budget” means an annual budget for the Alliance [or a particular Project]
                             approved by the Management Committee;
                             “Funding Share” means the share of the costs of the Alliance to be borne by
                             each party, namely: ABC – [specify] percentage; XYZ – [specify] percentage;
                             “Joint Account” means account(s), in the joint names of the Parties, relating
                             to the operations of the Alliance and to be administered by [specify party or
                             administrator];
                             “Project Manager” means the Project or general manager appointed by the
                             Management Committee.
                             5.2 Each party shall contribute its Funding Share of the costs of the Alliance
                             on a quarterly basis in accordance with the Budget set by the Management
                             Committee [Option, add if applicable: “up to, in each case, its Aggregate Funding
                             Commitment”].

                             5.3 Not less than 30 days before the end of each quarter, the Management
                             Committee [or, where relevant: the Project Manager] shall notify each party of that
                             party’s Funding Share of the costs of the Alliance due pursuant to Article 5.2
                             in respect of that quarter. Each party shall pay the amount due into the Joint
                             Account on or before the last day of the quarter in question.

                             5.4 Not less than 60 days before the end of each year, the Management
                             Committee shall review the future funding of the Alliance so as to establish
                             the Budget for the following year. [Option, add if applicable: “No party shall be
                             obliged to provide funds in excess of its Aggregate Funding Commitment.”]

                             5.5    Unless otherwise agreed between the Parties:

                                    5.5.1    All notices for funds under this Article 5 shall be sent to the
                                             address of the relevant party as specified in or pursuant to
                                             Article 17;
                                    5.5.2    All payments shall be made by each party in [currency] in cleared
                                             funds into the Joint Account;

                                    5.5.3    (Without prejudice to Article 12) Any payment which is in
                                             default or delayed by any party shall bear interest, at the rate
                                             of [specify] % above the base lending rate for the time being of
                                             [specify] Bank, from the due date of payment until the actual date
                                             of payment.

         5.6 Payments from the Joint Account shall only be made for work carried
         out or provided in connection with the Alliance. Invoicing and payment
         procedures to reimburse a party (or any member of its corporate group) for
         work carried out by it for the Alliance shall be as established from time to
         time by the Management Committee [Alternatively: Delete “as established from
         time to time by the Management Committee” and replace with: “As set out in the
         schedule to this contract”].

         5.7 Any cheque or other payment drawing on funds from the Joint Account
         shall require the signature or written authorization of the Project Manager or
         other person authorized by the Management Committee.

               5.7.1    Any cheque or other payment in excess of [specify threshold] (or
                        such other amount as the Management Committee may from
                        time to time decide) shall also require countersignature by
                        such other person as shall be authorized by the Management
                        Committee.

               5.7.2    Any cheque or payment in excess of [specify limit] shall, in addition
                        to the above signatures, require express authorization by the
                        Management Committee.

         5.8 Full and proper books of account and records relating to the Alliance
         shall be kept in accordance with standard accounting practice under the
         supervision of the Management Committee. These books and records shall
         be available at all times for inspection by each party or its duly authorized
         representative.

         5.9 An audit of the Joint Account shall be undertaken every 12 months (or
         such other period considered appropriate by the Management Committee)
         by an independent auditor and a report, in a form to be established by the
         Management Committee, shall be prepared and submitted to each of the
         Parties. The audit fee shall be paid out of the funds authorized by the Budget.

         5.10 If there are any surplus funds in the Joint Account on termination of the
         Alliance (all outstanding fees, costs and expenses of the Alliance having been
         met), the surplus or balance shall be distributed among the Parties pro rata to
         their respective Funding Shares.

    6.   Intellectual Property
         [Comment: This Article, or similar provisions, may be appropriate where the exchange
         and development of technical information involves Intellectual Property rights (IPR). It
         provides a framework of key points. It is prepared on the basis that specific IPR developed
         under the Alliance will be jointly owned and that “going to market” will require the
         consent of both Parties. Clarity is important regarding rights after termination of the
         Alliance. In many cases, more detailed licence agreements will be appropriate to cover
         the IPR arrangements, particularly where one party’s specific IPR is made available for
         use by the other party under the Alliance.]

         6.1   For the purposes of this Article:

               “Background IPR” means the existing know-how and other Intellectual
               Property of a party relevant to a Project and available to be disclosed and
               used for the purposes of the Alliance.

                                    “Intellectual Property” means any patent, copyright, design right or
                                    other Intellectual Property protection including rights in any secret
                                    process, technical know-how or other confidential information (together
                                    with any application for such protection).

                                    “Project” means a particular Project approved by the Management
                                    Committee and to be carried out through the Alliance.

                                    “Project IPR” means any specific technical know-how, confidential
                                    information or other Intellectual Property developed pursuant to the
                                    Alliance.

                                    “Project Trademarks” means any trademarks or names used primarily for
                                    the Alliance or any products or services developed under the Alliance;
                                    and

                                    “Territory” means [specify].

                             6.2 Under arrangements to be coordinated by the Management Committee,
                             each party shall disclose to the other party such of its Background IPR as
                             is necessary or desirable in order to enable the Project to be carried out
                             effectively. Disclosure shall, if appropriate, include reasonable arrangements
                             for the instruction of suitably qualified staff of the other party in the use and
                             application of that Background IPR.

                             6.3 All Background IPR originating from a particular party shall remain the
                             exclusive property of that party. The other party shall not use or disclose any
                             such Background IPR except for the specific purposes of the Alliance or as
                             expressly permitted by the Management Committee.

                             6.4 Each party warrants to the other party that, so far as it is aware, the use
                             of its Background IPR in accordance with this contract will not infringe any
                             Intellectual Property rights of any third party. A party gives no other warranty or
                             representation of any kind to any other party in relation to its Background IPR
                             (including, but not limited to, its suitability for any particular use or application).

                             6.5 All Project IPR shall, unless otherwise agreed between them, belong to
                             the Parties equally as joint owners. Each party shall, if requested by the other
                             party, enter into such assignment or other formal documentation as may be
                             necessary or desirable to record that joint ownership.

                             6.6 During the period of this contract, the procedure for obtaining initial
                             registered Intellectual Property rights in respect of any Project IPR shall be
                             implemented by the Project Manager acting on his own initiative or at the
                             direction of the Management Committee. The costs of applying for any such
                             initial protection (including the costs of first filing) shall be met from the Joint
                             Account. Any subsequent decision to proceed with registered protection shall
                             be for the Management Committee.

                             6.7 In the event of any alleged infringement by a third party of any Project
                             IPR or any Project IPR allegedly infringing any Intellectual Property rights
                             of a third party, the Management Committee shall meet to decide the best
                             course of action and the Parties shall thereafter be bound to take steps to
                             implement that action.

                             6.8 Each party shall adopt such confidentiality procedures as may be
                             reasonably necessary or prudent in accordance with good industry practice
                             (including obtaining confidentiality undertakings from key employees) to

          ensure the safe custody of any materials forming part of the Project IPR or of
          the other party’s Background IPR.

          6.9 Except as specifically agreed in writing between the Parties, neither
          party shall use any trademarks or trade names of the other party in the course
          of its business or in any form of publicity relating to the Alliance.
          6.10 If a party wishes “to go to market” or otherwise exploit commercially
          any product, service or technology substantially derived from work under the
          Alliance, it shall notify the other party and discussions in good faith shall take
          place between the Parties regarding arrangements for use of any Project IPR or
          Project Trademarks. Unless otherwise agreed:
                6.10.1 Each party shall be entitled to use in the course of its own
                       business any general non-confidential know-how developed
                       during the Alliance;
                6.10.2 Any commercial marketing or exploitation of Project IPR (or the
                       use of any Project Trademarks) shall require the prior consent of
                       both Parties.
          The provisions of this Article 6.10 shall survive any termination of this
          agreement.

     7.   Preferred supplier/distributor
          [Comment: This Article may be appropriate if one of the Parties is likely to be appointed
          a preferred supplier or distributor of products developed under the Alliance.]
          7.1 It is anticipated that XYZ’s business, if it develops in the field of [specify],
          will create a need for [specify e.g. products]. Any decision to develop that business
          shall be solely for XYZ. If XYZ does develop this business, it is agreed that
          ABC shall become a “preferred supplier” to XYZ for [specify products] and have
          first opportunity to supply them to XYZ subject to price, specification, quality
          and delivery times being agreed and no less favourable than other potential
          comparable suppliers.
          7.2 If XYZ decides to distribute [specify products] internationally, the Parties
          shall negotiate in good faith for the appointment of ABC as exclusive distributor
          in [territories] for an initial period of [specify] years (renewable by agreement) on
          commercial terms to be agreed in a separate distributorship contract.

     8.   Secondments and personnel
          [Comment: This Article is only appropriate if there are likely to be secondments of staff
          between the Parties.]
          8.1 The Parties recognize that secondments of staff (and other sharing of
          personnel, will actively consider a programme for staff secondments. The terms
          of any such secondments shall be agreed between the Parties (if necessary
          through the Management Committee resources and know-how) may be an
          appropriate means to develop the Alliance.
          8.2 Any employees of either ABC or XYZ who are seconded or sent to visit
          the premises of the other party during the Alliance shall remain employees
          of the Party sending them. the employer party shall (i) be responsible for
          ensuring that its employees comply with all security and site regulations

                             applicable at the other party’s premises and (ii) indemnify the other party
                             against any property damage or any personal injury caused by the negligent
                             act or omission of any of its employees at the other party’s premises.

                      9.     Confidentiality and announcements
                             9.1 Each party shall use all reasonable efforts to keep confidential all
                             commercial and technical information that it may acquire in relation to the
                             customers, business or affairs of the other party. No party shall use or disclose
                             any such information except with prior consent of the other party. This
                             restriction shall not apply to any information:

                                    9.1.1    Which is or becomes publicly available through no default of that
                                             party;

                                    9.1.2    Is already in that party’s possession without any obligation of
                                             confidentiality;

                                    9.1.3    To the extent that it is required to be disclosed by law or by the
                                             rules of any recognized stock exchange or regulatory body.

                             9.2 [Include Article 9.2 where the provision of technical assistance is part of the
                             arrangements for establishing the Alliance. If it is not, then delete Article 9.2.]
                             Article 9.1 shall not restrict or prevent a party from using, in the course of its
                             business, any know-how or technical information acquired pursuant to the
                             arrangements contemplated by Article 33 and 44 of this contract provided
                             that (i) such use shall not include sublicensing, (ii) appropriate measures to
                             ensure confidentiality are maintained and (iii) no disclosure to third Parties
                             takes place except as permitted by Article 9.1. This shall be subject to the
                             provisions of any technical assistance contract or Project contract that (in
                             the event of any conflict) shall over this Article 9 in respect of the use of
                             information disclosed pursuant to those contracts.

                             9.3 Each party shall use all reasonable efforts to ensure that its employees,
                             agents and any affiliates observe these confidentiality obligations.

                             9.4 No announcement in connection with the Alliance or this contract
                             shall be made by either party without the prior approval of the other party
                             (such approval not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed) except as may be
                             required by law or by any stock exchange or by any governmental authority.

                             9.5 The provisions of this Article 9 shall survive any termination of this
                             contract.

                      10. Restrictions on the Parties
                             [Comment: The scope of any non-compete or other restrictions on the Parties should be
                             carefully tailored to the particular Alliance. Restrictions will be difficult to enforce in
                             many jurisdictions unless specific and reasonable in scope, Territory and length.]

                             10.1 It is the intention of the Parties to work closely and collaboratively with
                             each other in developing the Alliance. Therefore, during the period of the
                             Alliance:

               10.1.1 ABC shall not enter into a similar Alliance with any other party
                      for operations in the field of [specify] or (directly or indirectly)
                      carry on business in the field of [specify] in a manner competitive
                      with XYZ in [specify Territory];

               10.1.2 XYZ shall not enter into a similar Alliance with any other party
                      for operations in the field of [specify] or (directly or indirectly)
                      carry on business in the field of [specify] in a manner competitive
                      with ABC in [specify Territory].
         10.2 Neither party shall, outside of the Alliance, carry on (whether on its own
         or with any third party) any research Project that is directly competitive with
         any research Project being carried out by the Alliance.
         10.3 During the period of the Alliance [Option, add if appropriate: “And for one
         (1) year after its termination,”] neither party shall attempt to employ or entice
         away any employee of the other party engaged in any managerial or technical
         capacity in relation to the operations of the Alliance.

     11. Liability
         11.1 It is contemplated that during the Alliance each party (and its employees
         and representatives) may provide recommendations and advice to the other
         as part of the relationship between the Parties. Both Parties acknowledge
         that any such recommendations and advice are given freely and without any
         warranties or liability. Neither party shall have any claim, liability or cause
         of action against the other party in respect of any such recommendation or
         advice given during the Alliance.
         11.2 Neither party shall have any responsibility for any liabilities arising in
         the course of the other parts business.
         11.3 Articles 11.1 and 11.2 are subject to any specific terms agreed in any
         technical assistance contract, Project contract or other contract between the
         Parties regarding liability for the supply of information or other technical
         assistance.

     12. Duration and termination
         [Comment: This Article contemplates that the Alliance will continue until terminated by
         notice or joint agreement. In some cases, it may be preferred to establish the Alliance for a
         defined period (e.g. two years) and for any renewal or extension of that period to require
         joint agreement of the Parties.]
         12.1 The Alliance shall commence on the date of this contract. It shall continue
         indefinitely subject to termination in accordance with this Article 12. Each
         party nevertheless recognizes that it is vital for the success of the Alliance to
         maintain flexibility and to respond to changing circumstances and practical
         experience. Each party will consider in good faith any proposals put forward
         by the other party for the development of the Alliance.
         12.2 The Alliance may be terminated by agreement between the Parties at
         any time.
         12.3 Either party may give not less than [3 months’] [vary period as
         appropriate] written notice at any time to terminate the Alliance, provided

                             that no such notice shall be given prior to [specify date e.g. two years after
                             commencement].
                             12.4 Either party shall have a right to terminate the Alliance if any of the
                             following events shall occur in relation to the other party (the “Defaulting
                             Party”):

                                    12.4.1 If the Defaulting Party commits a material breach of this contract
                                           (or any other contract between the Parties entered into pursuant
                                           to this contract) and fails to remedy the breach within 45 days
                                           after being given notice by the other party to do so (and such
                                           notice specifies that the notifying party intends to exercise its
                                           rights of termination under this Article); or

                                    12.4.2 If a filing is presented or an order is made for the appointment
                                           of an administrator, receiver, manager or similar officer in
                                           bankruptcy over any substantial part of the Defaulting Party’s
                                           assets or business (and such filing or order is not discharged
                                           within 30 days).

                             12.5 [Option: Add this Article 12.5 if a change in ownership of the other party could
                             be critical: “12.5 A party shall have the right to terminate the Alliance by giving [45
                             days] notice if a third party acquires a controlling interest in the other party (and, for this
                             purpose, a “controlling interest” means (i) the ownership or control (directly or indirectly)
                             of more than 50% of the voting capital of that other party or (ii) the right to appoint or
                             remove a majority of the directors of that party).” If it is not appropriate then delete this
                             Article 12.5.]

                             12.6 In the event of termination:

                                    12.6.1 The Parties shall consult and use all reasonable efforts to agree an
                                           orderly programme for winding up the activities of the Alliance;

                                    12.6.2 The terms of this contract and (unless the Parties otherwise
                                           agree) the terms of any technical assistance contract and/or
                                           Project contract shall automatically terminate except that:

                                             (a) The provisions of Article 9 (Confidentiality and
                                                 announcements), 11 (Liability) and 21 (Dispute resolution
                                                 procedure) shall continue together with any other provisions
                                                 specified in this contract or any Project contract or technical
                                                 assistance contract as surviving termination;

                                             (b) Each party shall remain liable for any breach of its obligations
                                                 prior to termination.

                      13. Force majeure
                             13.1 “Force majeure” means war, emergency, accident, fire, earthquake, flood,
                             storm, industrial strike or other impediment which the affected party proves
                             was beyond its control and which it could not reasonably be expected to have
                             taken into account at the time of the conclusion of this contract, or to have
                             avoided or overcome it or its consequences.

                             13.2 A party affected by force majeure shall not be deemed to be in breach of this
                             contract, or otherwise be liable to the other, by reason of any delay in performance,
                             or the non-performance, of any of its obligations under this contract to the extent

         that the delay or non-performance is due to any force majeure of which it has
         notified the party in accordance with Article 13.3. The time for performance of
         that obligation shall be extended accordingly, subject to Article 13.4.
         13.3 If any force majeure occurs in relation to either party which affects or is
         likely to affect the performance of any of its obligations under this contract,
         it shall within a reasonable time notify the other party as to the nature of the
         circumstances in question and their effect on its ability to perform.
         13.4 If the performance by either party of any of its obligations under this
         contract is prevented or delayed by force majeure for a continuous period in
         excess of three [specify any other figure] months, the other party shall be entitled
         to terminate this contract by giving written notice to the Party affected by the
         force majeure.
         [Alternative: If preferred, replace Article 13.4 with the following alternative: “13.4 If
         the performance by either party of any of its obligations under this contract is prevented
         or delayed by force majeure for a continuous period in excess of [six] months, the
         Parties shall negotiate in good faith, and use their best endeavours to agree upon such
         amendments to this contract or alternative arrangements as may be fair and reasonable
         with a view to alleviating its effects. But if they do not agree upon such amendments
         or arrangements within a further period of 30 days, the other party shall be entitled
         to terminate this contract by giving written notice to the Party affected by the force
         majeure.”]

     14. Change of circumstances (hardship)
         [Comment: The Parties should be free to consult each other in the event of a major change
         in circumstances − particularly one creating Hardship for a particular party. However,
         an SME should only include the option in Article 14.4 (right to refer to the courts/
         arbitral tribunal to make a revision or to terminate the contract) if (i) the SME considers
         that it is not likely to be used against that party’s interests by a party in a stronger
         tactical position or (ii) the right to refer to a court/tribunal is already an existing right
         under the applicable governing law in the event of Hardship.]
         14.1 Where the performance of this contract becomes more onerous for one of
         the Parties, that party is nevertheless bound to perform its obligations subject
         to the following provisions on change of circumstances (Hardship).
         14.2 If, however, after the time of conclusion of this contract, events occur
         which have not been contemplated by the Parties and which fundamentally
         alter the equilibrium of the present contract, thereby placing an excessive
         burden on one of the Parties in the performance of its contractual obligations
         (Hardship), that party shall be entitled to request revision of this contract
         provided that:
               14.2.1 The events could not reasonably have been taken into account by
                      the affected party at the time of conclusion of this contract;
               14.2.2 The events are beyond the control of the affected party; and

               14.2.3 The risk of the events is not one which, according to this contract,
                      the Party affected should be required to bear.
         14.3 Each party shall in good faith consider any proposed revision seriously
         put forward by the other party in the interests of the relationship between the
         Parties. No revision shall, however, be effective unless agreed by both Parties

                             in accordance with Article 18.2 [Option, add when the option in Article 14.4 is
                             included: “Or established pursuant to Article 14.4.”]
                             [Option: See comment at the beginning of Article 14. Add if wished; otherwise delete.
                             “14.4 If the Parties fail to reach agreement on the requested revision within [specify time
                             limit if appropriate], a party may resort to the dispute resolution procedure provided in
                             Article 21. The [court/arbitral tribunal] shall have the power to make any revision to this
                             contract that it finds just and equitable in the circumstances or to terminate this contract at
                             a date and on terms to be fixed.”]

                      15. No partnership or agency
                             [Comment: See introductory note 7. It may be difficult to avoid joint liability in many
                             jurisdictions if the Alliance involves income or profit-sharing.]
                             Nothing in this contract shall (i) be deemed to constitute a partnership in
                             law between the Parties, (ii) constitute either party the agent of the other for
                             any purpose or (iii) entitle either party to commit or bind the other (or any
                             member of its respective group) in any manner.

                      16. Assignment and subcontracting
                             16.1 This contract is personal to the Parties and neither party shall without
                             the prior written approval of the other:
                                    16.1.1 Assign, mortgage, charge or otherwise transfer or deal in, or
                                           create any trust over, any of its rights; or
                                    16.1.2 Subcontract or otherwise delegate the whole or any part of its
                                           rights or obligations under this contract to another person.

                      17. Notices
                             17.1 Any notice under this contract shall be in writing (which may include
                             e-mail) and may be served by leaving it or sending it to the address of the other
                             party specified in Article 17.2 below, in a manner that ensures receipt of the
                             notice can be proved.
                             17.2 For the purposes of Article 17.1, notification details are the following,
                             unless other details have been duly notified in accordance with this Article:
                                    17.2.1 ABC: [specify detail];
                                    17.2.2 XYZ: [specify detail].

                      18. Entire Agreement
                             18.1 This contract sets out the entire agreement between the Parties with
                             respect to the Alliance. Neither party has entered into this contract in reliance
                             upon any representation, warranty or undertaking of the other party that is
                             not expressly set out or referred to in this contract. This Article shall not
                             exclude any liability for fraudulent misrepresentation. [Option, add where
                             relevant: “This contract supersedes any previous agreement or understanding relating to
                             its subject matter”.]

         18.2 This contract may not be varied except by agreement of the Parties in
         writing (which may include e-mail). [Option, when the option of Article 14.4 or
         equivalent (reference to court/tribunal) has been included, add to previous sentence: “Or
         in accordance with Article 14.4”.]

     19. Effect of invalid or unenforceable provisions
         If any provision of this contract is held by any court or other competent
         authority to be invalid or unenforceable in whole or in part, this contract
         shall continue to be valid as to its other provisions and the remainder of the
         affected provision, unless it can be concluded from the circumstances that
         (in the absence of the provision found to be null and void) the Parties would
         not have concluded this contract. The Parties shall use all reasonable efforts
         to replace all provisions found to be null and void by provisions that are valid
         under the applicable law and come closest to their original intention.

     20. Authorizations
         20.1 This contract is conditional upon the following authorizations first being
         obtained [specify the authorization(s) or other conditions required e.g. of governmental
         or regulatory authorities].

         20.2 The relevant party shall use all reasonable efforts on its part to obtain
         such authorizations and shall notify the other party promptly of any difficulty
         encountered.

     21. Dispute resolution procedure
         21.1 If a dispute arises out of this contract, the Parties shall seek to resolve
         it on an amicable basis. They shall consider the appointment of a mediator
         to assist in that resolution. No party shall commence legal or arbitration
         proceedings unless 30 days’ notice in writing has been given to the other
         party.

         21.2 Any dispute, controversy or claim arising out of or relating to this
         contract (including its conclusion, interpretation, performance, breach,
         termination or invalidity) shall be finally settled under the rules of [specify
         the arbitration institution] by [specify the number of arbitrators, e.g. sole arbitrator,
         three arbitrators] appointed in accordance with the said rules. The place of
         arbitration shall be [specify]. The language of the arbitration shall be [specify].

         [The following are alternatives to a specified arbitral institution under Article 21.2:

         Alternative 1: Ad hoc arbitration

         “21.2 Any dispute, controversy or claim arising out of or relating to this contract,
         including its conclusion, interpretation, performance, breach, termination or invalidity,
         shall be finally settled under the rules of UNCITRAL [specify other rules] by [specify the
         number of arbitrators, e.g. sole arbitrator, three arbitrators] appointed by [specify name of
         appointing institution or person]. The place of arbitration shall be [specify]. The language
         of the arbitration shall be [specify].”]

                             [Alternative 2: State courts

                             “21.2 Any dispute, controversy or claim arising out of or relating to this contract,
                             including its conclusion, interpretation, performance, breach, termination or invalidity,
                             shall be finally settled by the courts of (specify place and country) which will have exclusive
                             jurisdiction.”]

                      22. Applicable law
                             [Specify national law] law shall apply to this contract.

                             SIGNATURES OF THE PARTIES

                             Signed for and on behalf of ABC

                             Signatory: . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .            ..............................................

                             Date: . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

                             Signed for and on behalf of XYZ

                             Signatory: . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .            ..............................................

                             Date: . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .