# ITC Model Contract — International Contract Manufacture Agreement
# Source: International Trade Centre (ITC), 'Model Contracts for Small Firms', Geneva 2010
# via UN Digital Library https://digitallibrary.un.org/record/690490

ITC MODEL INTERNATIONAL CONTRACT
                                      MANUFACTURE AGREEMENT

                            PARTIES:

                            Manufacturer

                            Name (name of company)
                            . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
                            Legal form (e.g. limited liability company)
                            . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
                            Country of incorporation and (if appropriate) trade register number
                            . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
                            Address (address of place of business of the Manufacturer, phone, fax, e-mail)
                            . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
                            . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
                            Represented by (surname and first name, address, position, legal title of
                            representation) . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
                            . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
                            . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

                            Client

                            Name (name of company)
                            . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
                            Legal form (e.g. limited liability company)
                            . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
                            Country of incorporation and (if appropriate) trade register number
                            . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
                            Address (address of place of business of the Client, phone, fax, e-mail)
                            . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
                            . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
                            Represented by (address of place of business of the Client, phone, fax,
                            e-mail) . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
                            . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
                            . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

                            Collectively “the Parties”

Background
                  A.    The Client carries on business in the [field/provision/supply of − specify].
                  B.    The Manufacturer undertakes as part of its business the production/
                        manufacture and the supply of [– specify the Goods/products].
                  C.    The Manufacturer has experience and expertise in the design, engineering
                        and manufacture of goods and the Client, relying on such representation,
                        wishes to engage the Manufacturer to manufacture and supply such
                        goods in relation to the Client’s business, and the Manufacturer is willing
                        to manufacture and supply such goods for the Client, on the terms of
                        this contract.
                  D.    To the extent required by the performance of this contract, the Parties
                        shall exchange information on their respective technology and equipment
                        [if not necessary, delete this sub-section D].
                  E.    [If necessary, give an additional short explanation of the reason for the contract. If
                        not necessary, delete this sub-section E].

Operative provisions

             1.   Manufacture and supply of the Goods
                  1.1 Subject to the terms agreed in this contract and the more detailed
                  specifications contained in schedule 1, the Manufacturer shall manufacture
                  and supply the following good(s) to the Client (hereinafter: “the Good” or “the
                  Goods”): [provide short description of The Good(s) – detailed technical specification is
                  to be found in schedule 1]:
                  – ...........................................................;
                  – ...........................................................;
                  – ...........................................................;
                  1.2 The Good(s) to be manufactured and supplied to the Client by the
                  Manufacturer under this contract shall be delivered at/in [specify place(s) of
                  delivery – delete sub-Article 1.2 if not relevant]:
                  – ...........................................................;
                  – ...........................................................;
                  1.3 The Good(s) to be manufactured and supplied to the Client by the
                  Manufacturer under this contract shall be delivered on [specify date/time of
                  performance].
                        [Alternative 1: If the Good(s) are to be supplied during a certain (limited) period
                        of time:
                        “1.3.1 The Good(s) to be manufactured and supplied to the Client by the
                               Manufacturer under this contract shall be delivered between . . . . . . . .
                               and . . . . . . . . . [specify timeframe/duration of performance], with
                               the following intervals . . . . . . . . . [specify if necessary – delete if not
                               relevant].”]

                                  [Alternative 2: If the Good(s) are to be supplied at regular intervals, with no
                                  limitation in time:
                                  “1.3.1 The Good(s) to be manufactured and supplied to the Client by
                                         the Manufacturer under this contract shall be delivered as from
                                         . . . . . . . . . [specify date of first delivery], with the following intervals
                                         . . . . . . . . . [specify schedule or intervals].”.]
                                  [Alternative 3: If the Good(s) are to be manufactured and supplied upon orders of
                                  the Client:
                                  “1.3.1 The Good(s) to be manufactured and supplied to the Client by the
                                         Manufacturer under this contract shall be delivered within . . . . . . . . .
                                         days/weeks [specify number of days/weeks] following each of the Client’s
                                         orders. The Client’s orders shall be placed with the Manufacturer not less
                                         than . . . . . . . . . weeks [specify number of weeks] before the beginning
                                         of each quarter/month [select what is relevant], and shall cover all goods
                                         to be manufactured and supplied to the Client during that quarter/
                                         month [select what is relevant]. Each of the Client’s orders shall be final,
                                         except that the Manufacturer shall give reasonable consideration to any
                                         amendment to an order requested by the Client before the beginning of the
                                         quarter/month for which the order was placed. The orders shall be given
                                         in writing or, if given orally, shall be confirmed by the Client in writing
                                         within a reasonable period.”.]
                            1.4 [Only for contracts/situations where the Client has to disclose to the Manufacturer
                            such of its technology as is necessary to enable the Manufacturer to manufacture the
                            Goods in accordance with the specification listed in schedule 1. If this Article 1.4 applies,
                            check whether Article 5 should also apply – this sub-Article 1.4, or parts of it, shall be
                            deleted if not relevant/not applicable.]
                            As soon as practicable after the execution of this contract the Client shall at its
                            own cost disclose to the Manufacturer such of its technology as is necessary
                            to enable the Manufacturer to manufacture the Goods in accordance with the
                            specification in schedule 1.
                                  1.4.1    Any such disclosure of technology shall be subject to the
                                           confidentiality provisions of Article 9, but nothing in this contract
                                           shall require the Client specially to prepare any technology or to
                                           engage in any research or development on the Manufacturer’s
                                           behalf.
                                  1.4.2    The Client shall permit the Manufacturer to send, at the
                                           Manufacturer’s expense, appropriately qualified employees of
                                           the Manufacturer to visit the Client’s premises for training with
                                           the Client’s technology. The numbers of the Manufacturer’s
                                           employees who are to visit any premises of the Client and the
                                           timing of any visits, as well as any other relevant issue such as
                                           security, safety, indemnification in case of negligence, etc. shall be
                                           as agreed in advance between the Client and the Manufacturer.
                                  1.4.3    The Manufacturer shall not supply the Goods produced through
                                           the use of the Client’s technology to any person other than the
                                           Client.
                            1.5 [Only for contracts/situations where the Client has to supply the Manufacturer
                            with certain specific equipment – the sub-Article, or parts of it shall be deleted if not
                            relevant/not applicable.]

     As soon as practicable after the execution of this contract the Client shall at
     its own cost supply the Manufacturer with any equipment which is necessary
     for the proper manufacture of the Goods under this contract, and install it at
     the Manufacturer’s premises.

           1.5.1    The Client warrants that, at the time of installation at the
                    Manufacturer’s premises, the equipment will be in good working
                    order and fit for its purpose for a period of . . . . . . . . . production
                    hours [specify number of hours], subject to fair wear and tear and
                    except in the case of improper maintenance or use or any other
                    default on the part of the Manufacturer.

           1.5.2    The equipment shall remain the absolute property of the Client
                    but shall, for so long as it is in the possession or control of the
                    Manufacturer, be at the sole risk of the Manufacturer. The
                    Manufacturer shall accordingly ensure that it is properly and
                    securely stored and identified as the property of the Client, and
                    shall not part with possession of it, or make it available, to any
                    third party.

           1.5.3    The Manufacturer shall maintain with a reputable insurance
                    company insurance cover for the replacement cost or the repair of
                    the equipment and damages, and shall have the Client’s interest
                    noted on the policy.

           1.5.4    The Client shall, from time to time during the period of this
                    contract and at the Manufacturer’s reasonable and duly
                    documented request, reimburse the Manufacturer in respect of
                    the reasonable costs of any tooling required for the maintenance
                    and the repair or replacement of the equipment, except in the
                    case of any default on the part of the Manufacturer.

           1.5.5    The Manufacturer shall not use the Client’s equipment except
                    for the purposes of supplying the Goods to the Client under this
                    contract, and he shall not supply the Goods produced through
                    the use of the Client’s equipment to any person other than the
                    Client.

     1.6 [Only for contracts/situations where the Client has requested the Manufacturer
     submit samples before production is launched. – the entire sub-Article shall be deleted
     if not relevant/not applicable]. The Manufacturer shall, within . . . . . . . . .
     days/weeks [specify number of days/weeks] after the execution of this contract
     [Alternative: As soon as practicable after the disclosure of the Client’s technology and the
     supply and installation of the equipment under Article 1.4] submit to the Client for
     approval pre-production samples of the Good(s). The Manufacturer shall not
     commence the manufacture of the Goods until the Client has communicated
     its approval of the samples to the Manufacturer in writing. Approval shall
     not be unreasonably withheld or delayed by the Client and, once given,
     shall constitute irrevocable confirmation that the Goods manufactured
     in conformity with the samples (or differing only within normal industrial
     limits) will comply with the specification in schedule 1 and will meet the
     requirements of quality specified in Article 4, except in respect of defects
     which are not capable of being revealed on reasonable inspection by the Client.

     1.7 Either party may at any time request that the Goods be adapted/amended
     in order to comply with any applicable safety or other statutory requirements.

                            If the changes induced by such adaptation/amendment materially affect the
                            nature or quality of the Goods, the Parties shall renegotiate in good faith the
                            relevant parameters of this contract and any relevant schedule.

                     2.     Payment of price
                            2.1   All sales of the Goods under this contract shall be:

                                  2.1.1    At the prices calculated in accordance with schedule 2; and

                                  2.1.2    Subject to the terms of sale set out in schedule 4, to the exclusion
                                           of any other terms, except as provided in this contract or agreed
                                           in writing between the Parties.

                            2.2 The Manufacturer shall invoice the Client for the price in respect of all
                            goods supplied under this contract on or at any time after each delivery to the
                            Client.

                            2.3 Subject to its rights under Article 4, the Client shall pay the price stated
                            in each invoice submitted by the Manufacturer under Article 2.2 within
                            30 days of the date of the invoice.

                     3.     Late payment and interest
                            If payment is not made on the due date, the supplier shall be entitled, without
                            limiting any other rights it may have, to charge interest on the outstanding
                            amount (both before and after any judgment) at the rate of [specify] % per
                            annum.

                            [Comment: The Parties should take into consideration that in some legal systems payment
                            of interest is unlawful, or is subject to a legal maximum rate, or there is provision for
                            statutory interest on late payments.]

                     4.     Quality of the products
                            4.1 In entering into this contract, the Client relies on the Manufacturer’s
                            expertise to manufacture the Goods, and the Manufacturer accordingly
                            warrants to the Client that all goods under this contract shall:

                                  4.1.1    Conform in all respects to the specifications in schedule 1;

                                  4.1.2    For a period of [specify duration] from delivery, be of the quality
                                           required by the contract and free from defects in design,
                                           workmanship or materials; in case of delivery of defective or non-
                                           conforming goods, the Manufacturer shall remedy the defect or
                                           the non-conformity within 30 days after receipt of a written notice
                                           giving full particulars of the defect or the non-conformity and
                                           requiring it to be remedied. If the defect or the non-conformity
                                           amounts to a material breach of any of the provisions of this
                                           contract and the Manufacturer fails to remedy the breach within
                                           30 days after receipt of the aforesaid written notice, the Client
                                           shall be entitled to terminate this contract in conformity with
                                           Article 7.2.1.

                4.1.3   Comply with all . . . . . . . . . standards and applicable statutes and
                        regulations relating to the Goods [specify type of standards/statutes/
                        regulations – delete sub-Article if not applicable].

          4.2 [Only if samples are to be submitted to the Client] Subject to Article 1.6, the
          Client may reject any of the Goods that do not comply with Article 4.1.

          4.3 For the purposes of assuring to the Client the quality of the Goods
          required under this contract the Manufacturer shall permit the duly authorized
          representative of the Client, at any time during normal working hours and on
          reasonable notice, to inspect any premises of the Manufacturer or any third
          party where any of the Goods, or any labelling or packaging for them, are
          manufactured or stored by or for the Manufacturer.

          4.4 If any claim is made against the Client arising out of or in connection
          with the manufacture of or any defect in the Goods, the Manufacturer shall,
          except to the extent that the claim is due to any defect in the specification
          made by the Client or the technology or the equipment provided by the Client,
          indemnify the Client against all damages or other compensation awarded
          against the Client in connection with the claim or paid or agreed to be paid by
          the Client in settlement of the claim and all legal or other expenses incurred
          by the Client in or about the defence or settlement of the claim. The Client
          shall notify the Manufacturer as soon as practicable after becoming aware of
          the claim, and take all action reasonably requested by the Manufacturer to
          avoid, compromise or defend the claim and any proceedings in respect of the
          claim, subject to the Client being indemnified and secured to its reasonable
          satisfaction against all costs and expenses which may be incurred in doing so.

          4.5 Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this contract, the
          Manufacturer shall not, except in respect of death or personal injury caused
          by the negligence of the Manufacturer, be liable to the Client for any loss of
          profit or any indirect, special or consequential loss or damage, costs, expenses
          or other claims (whether occasioned by the negligence of the Manufacturer or
          its employees or agents or otherwise) arising out of or in connection with the
          manufacture or supply of the Goods (including any delay in supplying or any
          failure to supply the Goods in accordance with this contract or at all), their
          use or resale by the Client or their use by any customer of the Client, and the
          total liability of the Manufacturer for any other loss, damage, costs, expenses or
          other claims which so arise shall not exceed the price of the Goods in question.

     5.   Intellectual property and trademarks
          [Only for contracts/situations where the Client has disclosed technology to the
          Manufacturer (see sub-Article 1.4 above), which is protected by intellectual property
          rights – the Article, or parts of it shall be deleted if not relevant/not applicable.]

          5.1 The Client authorizes the Manufacturer, for the purposes of exercising
          its rights and performing its obligations under this contract:

                5.1.1   To use the technology disclosed under Article 1.4 and any
                        intellectual property of the Client in respect of the technology; and

                5.1.2   To apply the Client’s trademarks to the Goods.

          5.2 Subject to Article 5.1, the Manufacturer shall have no rights in respect of
          any of the technology disclosed under Article 1.4, any intellectual property of

                            the Client in respect of it or any of the trademarks, and the Manufacturer shall
                            not use any of that technology or intellectual property except for the purposes
                            specified in Article 5.1 and otherwise in accordance with this contract.

                            5.3 The Manufacturer shall use the trademarks on or in relation to the
                            Goods in the form and manner specified by the Client from time to time, and
                            not otherwise.

                            5.4 All artwork supplied by the Client from time to time for use in relation
                            to the Goods or their labelling and packaging, and all intellectual property in
                            respect of it, shall belong exclusively to the Client.

                            5.5 The Manufacturer shall at the request and expense of the Client take
                            all such steps as the Client may reasonably require to assist the Client in
                            maintaining the validity and enforceability of any intellectual property
                            referred to in Article 5.1 or 5.4 and the trademarks, and shall enter into such
                            formal licences as the Client may reasonably request for this purpose. The
                            Manufacturer shall not represent that it has any title in or right of ownership
                            to any of the trademarks or do or suffer to be done any act or thing which may
                            in any way impair the rights of the Client in any of the trademarks or bring
                            into question the validity of its registration.

                            5.6 The Manufacturer shall promptly and fully notify the Client of any
                            actual or threatened infringement of any of the intellectual property referred
                            to in Article 5.1 or 5.4 or of the trademarks which comes to the Manufacturer’s
                            notice, or which the Manufacturer suspects has taken or may take place.

                            5.7 If any claim is made against the Manufacturer that the manufacture
                            or sale of the Goods infringes the intellectual property or other rights of any
                            third party, the Client shall, except to the extent that the claim is due to the
                            default of the Manufacturer, indemnify the Manufacturer against all damages
                            or other compensation awarded against the Manufacturer in connection with
                            the claim or paid or agreed to be paid by the Manufacturer in settlement of
                            the claim and all legal or other expenses incurred by the Manufacturer in or
                            about the defence or settlement of the claim. The Manufacturer shall notify
                            the Client forthwith after becoming aware of the claim, and take all action
                            reasonably requested by the Client to avoid, compromise or defend the claim
                            and any proceedings in respect of the claim, subject to the Manufacturer being
                            indemnified and secured to its reasonable satisfaction against all costs and
                            expenses which may be incurred in so doing.

                     6.     Cooperation of the Parties for improvements
                            and modifications
                            6.1 The Client and the Manufacturer shall meet once in each quarter to
                            review any matters likely to be relevant in relation to the manufacture, sale,
                            use or development of the Goods.

                            6.2   Without limiting the general scope of Article 6.1:

                                  6.2.1    The Client shall provide the Manufacturer with details of any
                                           improvement belonging to the Client which it wishes to be
                                           incorporated into the Goods or any other modification which it
                                           wishes to be made to the Goods from time to time; and

                6.2.2   The Manufacturer shall provide the Client with details of any
                        improvement which is made, developed or acquired by the
                        Manufacturer from time to time.

          6.3 An improvement as referred to in this section means any development,
          enhancement or derivative of the Good, or its design or manufacturing
          process, which would make The Good cheaper, more effective, more useful
          or more valuable, or would in any other way render the Good preferable in
          commerce.

          6.4 The title to and all intellectual property rights in respect of any
          improvement made, developed or acquired by either party shall belong to that
          party, but the Client may use any improvement which is made, developed or
          acquired by the Manufacturer, and any applicable intellectual property of the
          Manufacturer, for its own purposes by way of a non-exclusive, royalty-free
          licence without limit of time.

          6.5 The Manufacturer shall not unreasonably withhold its consent to the
          incorporation into the Goods of any improvement belonging to the Client
          or any other modification to the Goods referred to in Article 6.2.1, or of any
          improvement belonging to the Manufacturer referred to in Articles 6.2.2 and
          6.4.

          6.6 To the extent necessary, the incorporation of any improvement or any
          other modification to the Goods, which is agreed between the Client and the
          Manufacturer, shall be recorded in writing in Schedule 1 as an amendment to
          the contractually agreed specification of the Goods.

     7.   Duration and termination
          7.1 This contract shall take effect on the date of its signature by both parties
          or, if signatures do not occur simultaneously, when the latest signature is given.
          Unless sooner terminated pursuant to Articles 7.2 or 7.3, this contract shall
          continue for a period of [specify – check that provision is in line with Article 1.3].

          7.2 Either party shall be entitled forthwith to terminate this contract by
          giving written notice to the other if:

                7.2.1   The other party commits any continuing or material breach of
                        any of the provisions of this contract and fails to remedy the
                        breach within 30 days after receipt of a written notice giving full
                        particulars of the breach and requiring it to be remedied.

                7.2.2   An encumbrancer takes possession or a receiver is appointed over
                        any of the property or assets of the other party;

                7.2.3   The other party makes any voluntary arrangement with its
                        creditors or becomes subject to an administration order;

                7.2.4   The other party goes into liquidation (except for the purposes of
                        an amalgamation, reconstruction or other reorganization and in
                        such manner that the company resulting from the reorganization
                        effectively agrees to be bound by or to assume the obligations
                        imposed on that other party under this contract); or

                7.2.5   The other party ceases, or threatens to cease, to carry on business.

                            7.3 [Only if samples have to be submitted to the Client pursuant to Article 1.6] – if
                            not, delete this Article 7.3.]
                            The Client may at its option terminate this contract forthwith by giving
                            written notice to the Manufacturer, if the latter fails to produce samples of
                            the Good(s) under Article 1.6 in accordance with the specification and to the
                            reasonable satisfaction of the contractor on or before . . . . . . . . . [specify date].
                            7.4 Any waiver by either party of a breach of any provision of this contract
                            shall not be considered as a waiver of any subsequent breach of the same or
                            any other provision.
                            7.5 The rights to terminate this contract given by this Article shall not
                            prejudice any other right or remedy of either party in respect of the breach
                            concerned (if any) or any other breach.

                     8.     Consequences of termination
                            8.1 On the termination of this contract for any reason, the Manufacturer
                            shall offer to sell to the Client all goods which have been manufactured by the
                            Manufacturer but not delivered to the Client at the date of termination, and
                            all usable but unused stocks of labelling and packaging for the Goods bearing
                            any of the trademarks, at a price equal to their cost to the Manufacturer.
                            8.2 Subject to Article 8.1, on the termination of this contract for any reason
                            the Manufacturer shall:
                                  8.2.1    Subject to Article 1.4, cease to manufacture and sell the Goods
                                           or to use, either directly or indirectly, any of the technology
                                           referred to in Article 1.4 or intellectual property referred to in
                                           Article 5 and forthwith return to the Client any documents in its
                                           possession or control which contain or record any part of any of
                                           that technology or intellectual property;
                                  8.2.2    Cease to use any of the trademarks;
                                  8.2.3    Consent to the cancellation of any formal licence granted to it,
                                           or of any record of it in any register, in respect of any intellectual
                                           property of the Client or any of the trademarks; and
                                  8.2.4    At its own cost forthwith return the equipment to the Client;
                            8.3 Subject as provided in this Article and except in respect of any accrued
                            rights, neither party shall have any further obligation to the other.
                            8.4 The provisions of Articles 9, 18 and 19 shall continue in force in accordance
                            with their terms, notwithstanding termination of this contract for any reason.
                            8.5 The termination of this contract for any reason shall not affect the
                            coming into force or the continuance in force of any provision of this contract
                            that is expressly or by implication intended to come into or continue in force
                            on or after termination.

                     9.     Confidentiality
                            9.1 Both parties understand and acknowledge that, by virtue of the present
                            contract, they may both receive or become aware of technology as well as

         information belonging or relating to the other party, its business, business plans,
         affairs or activities, which information is confidential and proprietary to the
         other party and/or its Manufacturers and/or customers and in respect of which
         they are bound by a strict duty of confidence (“Confidential Information”).

         9.2 As a consequence thereof, neither party shall, either during the period
         of this contract or at any subsequent time, disclose to any other person any
         technology or other Confidential Information disclosed to it by the other party
         under this contract, and shall use its best endeavours to keep such technology
         or other information confidential (whether marked as such or not), except as
         provided by Article 9.3 or 9.4.

         9.3 Any of the technology or other Confidential Information referred to in
         Article 9.1 may be disclosed to:

              9.3.1   Any contractor of or supplier to the party in question of any
                      equipment or products;

              9.3.2   Any governmental or other authority or regulatory body; or

              9.3.3   Any directors or employees of the party in question; to such
                      extent only as is necessary for the purposes of this contract
                      or as required by law, and subject in each case (other than
                      under Article 9.3.2) to the party in question first obtaining
                      (and submitting to the other a copy of) a written undertaking
                      from the person to whom the disclosure is made, as nearly as
                      practicable in the terms of this Article, to keep it confidential
                      and to use it only for the purposes for which the disclosure is
                      made.

         9.4 Any of the technology or other Confidential Information referred to in
         Article 9.1 may be used by the party in question for any purpose, or disclosed
         by that party to any other person, to the extent only that any part of it is at
         the date of this contract or subsequently becomes public knowledge through
         no fault of the party in question, provided that in so doing that party does not
         disclose any part of that technology or other Confidential Information which
         is not public knowledge.

         9.5 This undertaking, and the obligations contained herein, will continue
         without limit of period.

     10. Force majeure – excuse for non-performance
         10.1 “Force majeure” means war, emergency, accident, fire, earthquake, flood,
         storm, industrial strike or other impediment which the affected party proves
         was beyond its control and that it could not reasonably be expected to have
         taken the impediment into account at the time of the conclusion of this
         contract or to have avoided or overcome it or its consequences.

         10.2 A party affected by force majeure shall not be deemed to be in breach
         of this contract, or otherwise be liable to the other, by reason of any delay
         in performance, or the non-performance, of any of its obligations under this
         contract to the extent that the delay or non-performance is due to any force
         majeure of which it has notified the other party in accordance with Article 10.3.
         The time for performance of that obligation shall be extended accordingly,
         subject to Article 10.4.

                            10.3 If any force majeure occurs in relation to either party which affects or is
                            likely to affect the performance of any of its obligations under this contract,
                            it shall notify the other party within a reasonable time as to the nature and
                            extent of the circumstances in question and their effect on its ability to
                            perform.

                            10.4 If the performance by either party of any of its obligations under this
                            contract is prevented or delayed by force majeure for a continuous period in
                            excess of three [specify any other figure] months, the other party shall be entitled
                            to terminate this contract by giving written notice to the party affected by the
                            force majeure.

                            [Alternative: If preferred, replace 10.4 with the following alternative:

                            “10.4 If the performance by either party of any of its obligations under this contract is
                            prevented or delayed by force majeure for a continuous period in excess of three [specify
                            any other figure] months, the Parties shall negotiate in good faith, and use their best
                            endeavours to agree upon such amendments to this contract or alternative arrangements
                            as may be fair and reasonable with a view to alleviating its effects, but if they do not agree
                            upon such amendments or arrangements within a further period of 30 [specify any other
                            figure] days, the other party shall be entitled to terminate this contract by giving written
                            notice to the party affected by the force majeure.”.]

                     11. Change of circumstances (hardship)
                            [Comment: The Parties should be free to consult each other in the event of a major
                            change in circumstances − particularly one creating hardship for a particular party.
                            However, an SME should only include the option at the end of Article 11.4 (right to
                            refer to the courts/arbitral tribunal to make a revision or to terminate the contract) if
                            (i) the SME considers that it is not likely to be used against that party’s interests by a
                            party in a stronger tactical position or (ii) the right to refer to a court/tribunal is already
                            an existing right under the applicable governing law in the event of hardship.]

                            11.1 Where the performance of this contract becomes more onerous for one of
                            the Parties, that party is nevertheless bound to perform its obligations subject
                            to the following provisions on change of circumstances (hardship).

                            11.2 If, however, after the time of conclusion of this contract, events occur
                            which have not been contemplated by the Parties and which fundamentally
                            alter the equilibrium of the present contract, thereby placing an excessive
                            burden on one of the Parties in the performance of its contractual obligations
                            (hardship), that party shall be entitled to request revision of this contract
                            provided that:

                                  11.2.1 The events could not reasonably have been taken into account by
                                         the affected party at the time of conclusion of this contract;

                                  11.2.2 The events are beyond the control of the affected party; and

                                  11.2.3 The risk of the events is not one which, according to this contract,
                                         the Party affected should be required to bear.

                            11.3 Each party shall in good faith consider any proposed revision seriously
                            put forward by the other party in the interests of the relationship between the
                            Parties.

         [Option: Add if wished, otherwise delete if not applicable or not enforceable under the law
         governing the contract − see comment at beginning of Article 11.
         “11.4 If the Parties fail to reach agreement on the requested revision within [specify time
         limit if appropriate], a party may resort to the dispute resolution procedure provided in
         Article18. The [court/arbitral tribunal] shall have the power to make any revision to this
         contract that it finds just and equitable in the circumstances, or to terminate this contract
         at a date and on terms to be fixed.”.]

     12. No partnership or agency
         Nothing in this contract shall (i) be deemed to constitute a partnership in
         law between the Parties, (ii) constitute either party the agent of the other for
         any purpose or (iii) entitle either party to commit or bind the other (or any
         member of its respective group) in any manner.

     13. Assignment and subcontracting
         13.1 This contract is personal to the Parties and [include only where relevant,
         except to the extent necessary for the collection of outstanding bills through a factoring
         agent,] neither party shall without the prior written approval of the other:
               13.1.1 Assign, mortgage, charge or otherwise transfer or deal in, or
                      create any trust over, any of its rights; or
               13.1.2 Subcontract or otherwise delegate the whole or any part of its
                      rights or obligations under this contract to another person.

     14. Notices
         14.1 Any notice under this contract shall be in writing (which may include
         e-mail) and may be served by leaving it or sending it to the address of the other
         party as specified in Article 14.2 below, in a manner that ensures receipt of the
         notice can be proved.
         14.2 For the purposes of Article 14.1, notification details are the following,
         unless other details have been duly notified in accordance with this Article:
         – ...........................................................;
         – ............................................................

     15. Entire agreement
         15.1 This contract sets out the entire agreement between the Parties. Neither
         party has entered into this contract in reliance upon any representation,
         warranty or undertaking of the other party that is not expressly set out or
         referred to in this contract. This Article shall not exclude any liability for
         fraudulent misrepresentation. [Option, add where relevant: “This contract supersedes
         any previous agreement or understanding relating to its subject matter”.]

         15.2 This contract may not be varied except by an agreement of the Parties
         in writing (which may include e-mail) [add where Article 11.4 or equivalent is
         included: “Or in accordance with Article 11.4”].

                     16. Effect of invalid or unenforceable provisions
                            If any provision of this contract is held by any court or other competent
                            authority to be invalid or unenforceable in whole or in part, this contract
                            shall continue to be valid as to its other provisions and the remainder of the
                            affected provision, unless it can be concluded from the circumstances that,
                            in the absence of the provision found to be null and void, the Parties would
                            not have concluded this contract. The Parties shall use all reasonable efforts
                            to replace all provisions found to be null and void by provisions that are valid
                            under the applicable law and come closest to their original intention.

                     17. Authorizations
                            17.1 This contract is conditional upon the following authorizations first being
                            obtained [specify the authorization(s) or other conditions required e.g. of governmental
                            or regulatory authority]:

                            – ...........................................................;
                            – ...........................................................;
                            – ...........................................................;
                            17.2 The relevant party shall use all reasonable efforts on its part to obtain
                            such authorizations and shall notify the other party promptly of any difficulty
                            encountered.

                     18. Dispute resolution procedure
                            Any dispute, controversy or claim arising out of or relating to this contract,
                            including its conclusion, interpretation, performance, breach, termination
                            or invalidity, shall be finally settled under the rules of [specify the arbitration
                            institution] by [specify the number of arbitrators, e.g. sole arbitrator or, if appropriate,
                            three arbitrators] appointed in accordance with the said rules. The place of
                            arbitration shall be [specify]. The language of the arbitration shall be [specify].

                            [The following are alternatives to a specified arbitral institution under Article 18:

                            Alternative 1: Ad hoc arbitration

                            “Any dispute, controversy or claim arising out of or relating to this contract, including its
                            conclusion, interpretation, performance, breach, termination or invalidity, shall be finally
                            settled under the rules of UNCITRAL [specify other rules] by [specify the number of
                            arbitrators, e.g. sole arbitrator or, if appropriate, three arbitrators] appointed by [specify
                            name of appointing institution or person]. The place of arbitration shall be [specify]. The
                            language of the arbitration shall be [specify].”.]

                            [Alternative 2: State courts

                            “Any dispute, controversy or claim arising out of or relating to this contract, in particular
                            its conclusion, interpretation, performance, breach, termination or invalidity, shall be
                            finally settled by the courts of (specify place and country) which will have exclusive
                            jurisdiction.”.]

     19. Applicable law
         [Specify national law] law shall apply to the contract. The application of the
         United Nations Convention on Contracts for the International Sale of Goods
         (Vienna Sales Convention of 1980 − CISG) is excluded.

                     Schedule 1: Specifications of the Goods to be manufactured
                            This schedule shall describe the Goods to be manufactured and supplied
                            by the Manufacturer to the Client, along with all necessary technical data,
                            tolerances, etc.

                     Schedule 2: Price
                            (1)   The price for the Goods shall be a delivered price calculated as follows
                                  . . . . . . . . . (specify currency)

                            (2)   Specify method of invoicing (periodicity, etc.)

                            (3)   [If applicable] The price for the Goods is exclusive of any applicable value
                                  added tax.

                     Schedule 3: Equipment
                            [If applicable (see Article 1.5), specify the Client’s equipment that is placed at
                            Manufacturer’s disposal]

                     Schedule 4: Terms of sale

                            DATE AND SIGNATURE OF THE PARTIES

                                           Manufacturer                               Client

                            Date . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .         . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

                            Name . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .         . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

                                              Signature                             Signature