# ITC Model Contract — International Commercial Agency
# Source: International Trade Centre (ITC), 'Model Contracts for Small Firms', Geneva 2010
# via UN Digital Library https://digitallibrary.un.org/record/690490

ITC MODEL CONTRACT FOR AN
                                 INTERNATIONAL COMMERCIAL AGENCY

                            PARTIES:

                            Principal

                            Name (name of company)
                             . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
                            Legal form (e.g. limited liability company)
                             . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
                            Country of incorporation and (if appropriate) trade register number
                             . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
                            Address (address of place of business, phone, fax, e-mail)
                             . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
                             . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
                            Represented by (name, position, legal title of representation, address)
                             . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
                             . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

                            Referred to as the “Principal”

                            Agent

                            Name (name of company)
                             . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
                            Legal form (e.g. limited liability company)
                             . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
                            Country of incorporation, trade register number and licence number (if
                            appropriate)
                             . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
                            Address (address of place of business, phone, fax, e-mail)
                             . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
                             . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
                            Represented by (name, position, legal title of representation, address)
                             . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
                             . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

                            [Add any further information required e.g. The Parties’ fiscal identities]

                            Referred to as the “Agent”

                            Collectively “the Parties”

Background
                  A.    The Principal carries on business in the (field/provision/supply) of
                        [specify].

                  B.    The Agent undertakes as part of its business the (introduction and)
                        [delete if not relevant] the promotion of the sale of products (or services) in
                        relation to [specify].

                  C.    The Principal wishes to appoint the Agent to (introduce and) [delete if not
                        relevant] promote the sale of such products (or services) in relation to the
                        Principal’s business, and the Agent is willing to promote the sale of such
                        products (or services) accordingly, on the terms of the present contract.

Operative provisions

             1.   Scope of appointment
                  1.1 The Principal appoints the Agent as its commercial Agent, to promote the
                  sale of the product(s) (or services) within the territory (and in the promotion
                  channels) hereafter defined.

                  1.2   Product(s) (or service(s)). The following product(s) (or service(s) shall
                  be promoted by the Agent under this contract: [describe the product(s)/service(s)]

                  – ...........................................................;

                  – ...........................................................;

                  1.3   Territory. The product(s) (or service(s)) shall be promoted by the Agent
                  under this contract within the following territory: [describe the territory]

                  – ...........................................................;

                  – ...........................................................;

                  1.4    Promotion channel(s). [Delete if no relevant] The product(s) (or
                  service(s)) shall be promoted by the Agent throughout the following promotion
                  channel(s): [describe the promotion channel(s)]

                  – ...........................................................;

                  – ...........................................................;

                  Comment: The Parties may wish to limit the scope of the agency contract to certain
                  categories of customers. As regards the identification of the promotion channels, the Parties
                  can either list the categories that fall under this contract (retailers, industrial users, mass
                  distributors) or list the categories to which the contract will not apply.

             2.   Obligations of the Agent
                  2.1 In performing its activities, the Agent shall look after the Principal's
                  interests and act dutifully and in good faith.

                            2.2 The Agent shall (introduce) [delete if not relevant] the product(s) (or
                            service(s)) and promote the sale of such product(s) (or services) in the territory
                            (and in the promotion channels) [delete if not relevant] in accordance with the
                            terms agreed in this contract. The Agent has no authority to make contracts
                            on behalf of, or in any way to bind the Principal, but it shall pass any offer
                            received to the Principal.

                            [Alternative (where the Agent has the authority to bind the Principal): “2.2 The Agent
                            shall (introduce) the product(s) (or service(s)) [delete if not relevant], promote, negotiate
                            and conclude the sale of the product(s) (or service(s)) in the territory (and in the promotion
                            channels) [delete if not relevant] in accordance with the terms agreed in this contract. The
                            Agent shall pass any order received to the Principal.”.]

                            2.3 The Agent is not entitled to receive payments in the name and on
                            behalf of the Principal without its prior written authorization to that effect.
                            If the Agent has been authorized, it must transmit the payments as soon as
                            possible to the Principal and until then hold them separately on deposit on the
                            Principal's behalf.

                            2.4 The Agent shall strictly observe the contractual provisions communicated
                            by the Principal and shall bring to the attention of the customers the terms
                            and conditions of sale (particularly the delivery period, price and payment)
                            communicated by the Principal.

                            2.5 The Agent shall with due diligence keep the Principal informed about
                            its activity, the market conditions and the state of competition. The Agent
                            shall provide all the necessary information in [specify language] to the Principal
                            available to it concerning the laws and regulations within the territory that
                            shall apply to the product(s) (or service(s)) as well as its activity. The Agent
                            shall further send every (three months) [specify any other figure] a report on its
                            activities.

                            2.6 The Agent shall perform its activity independently and shall, in no case,
                            be considered as an employee of the Principal.

                     3.     Obligations of the Principal
                            3.1 In its relation with the Agent, the Principal must act dutifully and in
                            good faith.

                            3.2 The Principal shall in particular remunerate the Agent according to the
                            commission and terms of payment provided for in this contract.

                            3.3 The Principal shall inform the Agent before it starts to perform the
                            obligations mentioned in paragraph 2.2 of the minimum overall orders that
                            should be collected in order for the Principal to be able to supply the product(s)
                            (or service(s)).

                            3.4 The Principal shall in addition inform the Agent without delay of its
                            acceptance, refusal or non-execution of any offers/orders transmitted by the
                            Agent.

                            3.5 The Principal shall not reject the offers/orders transmitted by the Agent
                            unless:

                                   3.5.1      There are serious doubts, supported by any written evidence, on
                                              the solvency of the customer.

                  3.5.2    The offer does not meet the Principal’s expectations in terms of
                           image and standards.

                  3.5.3    The overall orders collected by the Agent are below the minimum
                           overall orders referred to in paragraph 3.3.

           3.6 The Principal’s unjustified refusals of offers/orders shall be considered as
           a breach of the contract by the Principal.

           3.7 The Principal shall immediately inform the Agent of any change in
           its range of product(s) (or service(s)) its prices, conditions of sale or terms of
           payment as well as of any change of the technical specifications or capacity
           of supply of the product(s) (or service(s)). Should the Principal expect that
           its capacity of supply will be significantly lower than the Agent’s normal
           expectancy, it shall inform the Agent without delay.

           3.8 The Principal shall provide the Agent, free of charge, with all information
           and documentation needed for the performance of the present contract,
           including, but not limited to, the terms and conditions of sale, price lists,
           technical documents.

           3.9 The Principal shall furthermore keep the Agent informed of any relevant
           communication with or for the attention of the customers in the territory.

      4.   Minimum orders
           4.1 The Agent will have to meet the annual minimum orders objectives set
           out in schedule 1.

           4.2    These objectives will be revised annually [specify any other period].

           4.3 If, at the end of the year [specify any other period], the minimum number/
           volume of orders applicable to such year is not met by the Agent, the Principal
           shall be entitled, subject to giving a one month’s notice and not later than
           two months [specify any other period] after the end of that year at his choice:

                  4.3.1    To terminate the present contract, under Article 14;

                  4.3.2    To cancel the Agent’s exclusivity (whenever applicable); or

                  4.3.3    To reduce the extension of the territory, by excluding the
                           territories where the Agent has made less promotion.

      5.   Advertising, fairs and exhibitions
           5.1 The Parties shall agree on the advertising campaign to be made within
           the territory.

           5.2 The cost of all agreed advertising campaigns shall be at the Principal’s
           expense.

           [Alternative: “5.2 The cost of agreed advertising campaigns shall be apportioned between
           the Parties as follows:

           Principal: . . . . . . %

           Agent: . . . . . . %]

                            5.3    The Principal shall supply the Agent, free of charge, with any
                            advertisement content and materials in relation with the product(s) (or
                            service(s)) needed for the performance of this contract.

                            [Option: “5.4 The Principal shall also authorize the Agent to issue advertising content
                            and materials for use in relation with the product(s) or service(s) and not otherwise. All
                            advertisement content and materials issued by the Agent in relation with the product(s)
                            (or service(s)) shall strictly conform to the Principal’s guidelines and marketing policies.”]

                            5.5    In any event, the Agent shall ensure that the advertising campaign as
                            well as the advertisement content and materials strictly comply with local
                            rules and regulations.

                            5.6    The Parties shall participate in the fairs or exhibitions within the
                            territory listed in schedule 2.

                            5.7     The Principal will bear the expenses incurred for the participation in a
                            fair or exhibition.

                            [Alternative: “5.7 The cost of the agreed Agent’s participation shall be apportioned
                            between the Parties as follows:

                            Principal: . . . . . . %

                            Agent: . . . . . . %”]

                     6.     Internet
                            The Agent is not authorized to advertise or promote the sale of the products or
                            its activity as Agent of the Principal on Internet without the Principal’s prior
                            written approval.

                     7.     Non-competition
                            [Comment: The Parties may wish to extend the terms of the non-competition clause after
                            the termination of the contract. In which case, the Parties should take into consideration
                            the mandatory provisions of the EC Directive of 18 December 1986 and other legal
                            systems that may restrict the validity of such a clause and allow the court to reduce the
                            obligations of the Parties.]

                            7.1 The Agent undertakes not to compete with the Principal or to enter
                            into any business relationship with competitors of the Principal for the entire
                            duration of the present contract.

                            7.2 In particular, the Agent undertakes not to represent, manufacture, provide
                            or sell, directly or indirectly, in the territory (and in the promotion channels)
                            any product(s) (or service(s)) identical with the product(s) (or service(s)) which
                            compete with the product(s) (or service(s)) without prior written authorization
                            of the Principal.

                            [Option: “7.3 However, the Agent may represent, manufacture, provide or sell product(s)
                            (or service(s)) which are not competing with the product(s) (or service(s)), provided it
                            informs the Principal in advance of such activity.”]

                            [Option: “7.4 The Agent shall inform the Principal of any existing agreement, binding
                            the Agent, towards any other product(s) (or service(s)), whether as manufacturer,

           representative, Agent or retailer, and shall thereafter keep the Principal informed of any
           such activity. With regards to this undertaking, the Agent declares that, on the date on
           which the present contract is signed, it represents (and/or manufactures, distributes, sells
           directly or indirectly), the products (or service(s)) listed in schedule 3. The exercise of such
           activity by the Agent shall in no case prejudice the fulfilment of its obligations towards
           the Principal under the present contract.”]

           [Option: “7.5 This undertaking shall remain valid during a period of two [specify any
           other figure] years after the termination of the present contract.”]

      8.   Restriction of territory
           8.1 The Agent shall not solicit orders (or negotiate and conclude contracts)
           [delete if not applicable] outside the territory, unless expressly agreed by the
           Principal.
           8.2 The Agent shall notify the Principal of any inquiry received from
           outside the territory. Such notification shall not entitle the Agent to any
           commission.

      9.   Trademarks and property rights
           9.1 The Principal hereby grants to the Agent the right to use the trademarks,
           trade names or intellectual property in relation to the product(s) (or service(s))
           for the purpose of exercising its rights and performing its obligations under
           this contract.
           9.2 The Agent shall use the Principal’s trademarks, trade names or
           intellectual property in relation to the product(s) (or service(s)) in the form
           and manner specified by the Principal and in the Principal’s sole interest, and
           not otherwise.
           9.3 Any use of the Principal’s trademarks, trade names or intellectual
           property on the Agent’s letter paper, on advertisement materials or on any
           other materials addressed to third parties or on Internet shall require the prior
           consent of the Principal.

           9.4 The Agent agrees neither to register, nor to allow or favour the registration
           by third parties of any of the trademarks in the territory. The Agent further
           agrees not to include the trademarks in its own trade or company name.

           9.5 The Agent shall notify the Principal of any infringement of the Principal’s
           trademarks, trade names and symbols or any other property rights it may
           become aware of.

           9.6 The Principal warranties to the Agent that the products as well as the
           Principal’s trademarks, trade names or any other symbols do not infringe
           intellectual any property rights of any third parties in the territory.

           9.7 In this respect, the Principal undertakes to hold harmless the Agent
           from any and all costs, losses, damages and liabilities which may occur due
           to trademarks infringement by the use of the Principal’s trademarks, trade
           names or any other symbols by the Agent.

                     10. Exclusivity
                            [Strike out option and alternative if not relevant]

                            The Principal grants exclusivity to the Agent, which means that it undertakes
                            not to appoint other Agents within the territory (and in the promotion
                            channels) for the duration of the present contract.

                            [Option (Direct sales by the Principal): “However, the Principal retains the right to
                            directly market or sell the product(s) (or service(s)) in the territory (and in the promotion
                            channels), including via Internet.”]

                            [Alternative (No exclusivity): “The Principal does not grant exclusivity to the Agent, which
                            means that it reserves the right to appoint other Agents within the territory (and in the
                            promotion channels) for the duration of the present contract.”]

                     11. Agent’s commission – right to commission
                            11.1 Unless when the right to commission has been expressly excluded by the
                            Parties, the Agent is entitled to the commission provided for in schedule 4 on
                            all sales of the product(s) (or service(s)) made within the territory throughout
                            the duration of this contract, whether such sale was generated by the Agent or
                            not, in accordance with Article 10.

                            [Option (No commission on direct sales): “However, the Agent shall not be entitled to
                            commission on any direct sales of the product(s) (or service(s)) made by the Principal
                            within the territory throughout the duration of this contract.”.]

                            [Alternative (When exclusivity has not been granted to the Agent): “11.1 Unless when
                            the right to commission has been expressly excluded by the Parties, the Agent is entitled to
                            the commission provided for in schedule 4 on all sales of the product(s) (or service(s)) made
                            within the territory throughout the duration of this contract which have been generated
                            by the Agent.”.]

                            [Option 11.2 (Commission on post contractual sales): “The Agent shall also be entitled
                            to commission on sales concluded on the basis of offers/orders transmitted to or received
                            by the Principal after the termination of this contract, provided the Agent informed the
                            Principal in writing of the pending negotiation upon termination of the contract.”.]

                            11.3 The Agent shall acquire the right to commission as soon as the orders
                            have been accepted by the Principal.

                            [Alternative: “11.3 The Agent shall acquire the right to commission upon full payment
                            by the customer(s) of the invoiced product(s) or (service(s)). In case of partial payment by
                            the customer(s), made in compliance with the sales contract, the Agent shall be entitled to
                            a proportional commission.”.]

                            11.4 In any event, no commission shall be due in respect of offers/orders
                            accepted by the Principal, which could not be executed for reasons beyond the
                            Principal’s control.

                     12. Method of calculating commission and payment
                            12.1 The commission shall be calculated on the net amount of the sale
                            invoiced by the Principal to the customers, clear of any additional charges and

          of all taxes of any kind, and provided that such additional charges and taxes
          are separately stated in the invoice.

          12.2 The commission shall cover any and all costs and expenses incurred by
          the Agent in fulfilling its obligations under the present contract.

          12.3 The commission shall be calculated in the currency of the contract of sale
          on which the commission is payable, unless otherwise agreed by the parties.

          12.4 Any taxes imposed in the Agent’s country on its commission shall be
          for the Agent’s account, including whenever applicable, any withholding taxes
          payable by the Principal on the Agent’s behalf.

          12.5 The commission shall be paid to the Agent not later than on the last day
          of the month following each quarter [specify any other period] in which it became
          due.

          12.6 If payment is not made on the due date, the Agent shall be entitled,
          without limiting any other rights it may have, to charge interest on the
          outstanding amount (both before and after any judgment) at the rate of
          [specify] % per annum.

          [Comment: The Parties should take into consideration that in some legal systems payment
          of interest is unlawful, or is subject to a legal maximum rate, or there is provision for
          statutory interest on late payments.]

          12.7 The Principal shall provide the Agent with a statement of the commissions
          due in respect of each quarter and shall set out all the business in respect of
          which such commission is payable.

          12.8 The Agent shall be entitled to demand that it be provided with all the
          information, and in particular an extract from the books, which is available to
          its Principal and which it needs in order to check the amount of the commission
          due.

      13. Financial responsibility (Option)
          [Comment: Should the Parties wish to include a Del Credere clause, they should pay
          attention to the legal provisions applicable in the country where the Agent is established,
          as some countries have mandatory requirements on Del Credere obligations.]

          13.1 The Agent shall satisfy itself, with due diligence, of the solvency of
          customers whose orders are transmitted to the Principal. The Agent shall not
          take orders from customers whose financial standing and capacity of meeting
          their financial commitments towards the Principal are questionable without
          informing the Principal in advance of such a fact.

          [13.1 (Option) The Agent shall act as a Del Credere Agent according to the conditions
          stated in schedule 5.

          In this respect, the Agent hereby undertakes to reimburse to the Principal the total (or
          partial) amount of the unpaid sums that the Principal is entitled to receive from customers
          and which have not been paid for reasons for which the Principal is not responsible.

          The Del Credere obligation does not cover the expenses incurred by the Principal for
          recovering its credits.]

                     14. Term, termination and consequences of termination
                            14.1 This contract shall enter into force at the date of its signature (or at
                            the date of the latest signature if signed by the Parties at different dates) and
                            shall continue for an indefinite period. Each party may terminate the present
                            contract at any time by giving a [specify figure] months written notice to the
                            other party.

                            [Alternative (Fixed term): “14,1 This contract shall enter into force at the date of its
                            signature (or at the date of the latest signature if signed by the Parties at different dates)
                            and, shall expire on [specify date].”]

                            14.2 If the Agent is a physical person, this contract will end automatically at
                            the death of the Agent.

                            14.3 Each party may terminate this contract with immediate effect by written
                            notice in case of:

                                   14.3.1 A substantial breach by the other party of its obligations which
                                          could be qualified as gross negligence or wilful misconduct;

                                   14.3.2 Exceptional circumstances beyond the control of the Parties,
                                          which render the continuation of this contract impossible;

                                   14.3.3 Failure to remedy to any other breach by the other party of its
                                          obligations under this contract, after a 15 days written notice to
                                          remedy to such breach.

                            14.4 The termination of this contract for any reason shall not affect:

                                   14.4.1 Each party’s accrued rights, remedies or liabilities, including
                                          payments due at the effective date of termination; or

                                   14.4.2 The application of provisions of this contract that are meant to
                                          survive after the expiration of this contract.

                            14.5 At the end of this contract, the Principal shall pay all and any commissions
                            due to the Agent.

                            14.6 At the end of this contract, the Agent shall return to the Principal any
                            advertising material and other documentation provided free of charge to the
                            Agent as well as any products and samples which are still in its possession.

                     15. Indemnity or compensation on termination
                            [Comment: In some jurisdictions there exist mandatory legal provisions of public policy
                            that are binding upon the Parties. Such is the case in the European Union where the
                            EC Directive 86/653/EEC of 18 December 1986 grants the Agents the right to claim a
                            termination indemnity subject to certain conditions.]

                            15.1 At the end of this contract, the Agent will be entitled to receive a
                            termination indemnity which will be equivalent to (one or two years’
                            commissions [specify] based on the average annual commissions paid to the
                            Agent over the preceding 3 years.

                                   15.1.1 In order to receive this termination indemnity, the Agent will
                                          have to notify the Principal in writing its wiliness to receive same
                                          within one year after the end of the contract. Failure to do so

                        will result in the Agent losing its right to receive the termination
                        indemnity.

                15.1.2 The termination indemnity shall be due in the event of the
                       Agent’s death and payable to the Agent’s heirs.

                15.1.3 The Agent shall have no right to receive the termination
                       Indemnity in the following cases:

                        –   When the Principal has terminated the contract for the
                            reasons set out in paragraph 14.3 above.

                        –   When the Agent has terminated the contract, unless such
                            termination was caused by the breach of the Principal’s
                            obligations, or by the age, infirmity or illness of the Agent,
                            which render the continuation of this contract impossible.

                        –   When, with the agreement of the Principal, the Agent assigns
                            its rights and duties under the present contract to another
                            person.

          [Alternative: “15.1 No right to indemnity (inconsistent with the EC Directive of
          18 December 1986 and mandatory legal provisions of countries which have implemented
          the EC Directive or which have adopted similar provisions): No termination indemnity
          or compensation shall be payable to the Agent at the end of this contract.”]

          15.2 The above provision shall not affect the Agent’s right to claim damages
          for breach of contract by the Principal.

      16. Force majeure – excuse for non-performance
          16.1 “Force majeure” means war, emergency, accident, fire, earthquake, flood,
          storm, industrial strike or other impediment which the affected party proves
          was beyond its control and that it could not reasonably be expected to have
          taken the impediment into account at the time of the conclusion of this
          contract or to have avoided or overcome it or its consequences.

          16.2 A party affected by force majeure shall not be deemed to be in breach
          of this contract, or otherwise be liable to the other, by reason of any delay
          in performance, or the non-performance, of any of its obligations under this
          contract to the extent that the delay or non-performance is due to any force
          majeure of which it has notified the other party in accordance with Article [16.3].
          The time for performance of that obligation shall be extended accordingly,
          subject to Article [16.4].

          16.3 If any force majeure occurs in relation to either party which affects or is
          likely to affect the performance of any of its obligations under this contract,
          it shall notify the other party within a reasonable time as to the nature and
          extent of the circumstances in question and their effect on its ability to
          perform.

          16.4 If the performance by either party of any of its obligations under this
          contract is prevented or delayed by force majeure for a continuous period in
          excess of three [specify any other figure] months, the other party shall be entitled
          to terminate this contract by giving written notice to the party affected by the
          force majeure.

                            [Alternative: “16.4 If the performance by either party of any of its obligations under
                            this contract is prevented or delayed by force majeure for a continuous period in excess
                            of three [specify any other figure] months, the Parties shall negotiate in good faith, and
                            use their best endeavours to agree upon such amendments to this contract or alternative
                            arrangements as may be fair and reasonable with a view to alleviating its effects, but if
                            they do not agree upon such amendments or arrangements within a further period of 30
                            [specify any other figure] days, the other party shall be entitled to terminate this contract
                            by giving written notice to the party affected by the force majeure.”]

                     17. Change of circumstances (hardship)
                            [Comment: The Parties should be free to consult each other in the event of a major change
                            in circumstances − particularly one creating hardship for a particular party. However,
                            an SME should only include the option at the end of Article 17.4 (right to refer to the
                            courts/arbitral tribunal to make a revision or to terminate the contract) if (i) the SME
                            considers that it is not likely to be used against that party’s interests by a party in a
                            stronger tactical position or (ii) the right to refer to a court/tribunal is already an existing
                            right under the applicable governing law in the event of hardship.]
                            17.1 Where the performance of this contract becomes more onerous for one of
                            the Parties, that party is nevertheless bound to perform its obligations subject
                            to the following provisions on change of circumstances (hardship).
                            17.2 If, however, after the time of conclusion of this contract, events occur
                            which have not been contemplated by the Parties and which fundamentally
                            alter the equilibrium of the present contract, thereby placing an excessive
                            burden on one of the Parties in the performance of its contractual obligations
                            (hardship), that party shall be entitled to request revision of this contract
                            provided that:
                                   17.2.1 The events could not reasonably have been taken into account by
                                          the affected party at the time of conclusion of this contract;
                                   17.2.2 The events are beyond the control of the affected party; and
                                   17.2.3 The risk of the events is not one that, according to this contract,
                                          the party affected should be required to bear.
                            17.3 Each party shall in good faith consider any proposed revision seriously
                            put forward by the other party in the interests of the relationship between the
                            Parties.
                            [Option [delete if not applicable or not enforceable under the law governing the contract
                            − see Comment at beginning of Article 17]:
                            “17.4 If the Parties fail to reach agreement on the requested revision within [specify time
                            limit if appropriate], a party may resort to the dispute resolution procedure provided in
                            Article 25; the [court/arbitral tribunal] shall have the power to make any revision to this
                            contract that it finds just and equitable in the circumstances, or to terminate this contract
                            at a date and on terms to be fixed.”]

                     18. No partnership
                            Nothing in this contract shall be deemed to constitute a partnership in law
                            between the Parties.

      19. Assignment and appointment of sub-Agents
          [Comment: Some countries have mandatory requirements on the appointment of sub-
          Agents. Therefore the Parties should check the situation under the relevant law before
          deciding which option to choose.]

          19.1 This contract is personal to the Parties and [include only where relevant,
          except to the extent necessary for the collection of outstanding bills through a factoring
          Agent,] neither party shall without the prior written approval of the other:

                19.1.1 Assign, mortgage, charge or otherwise transfer or deal in, or
                       create any trust over, any of its rights; or

                19.1.2 Subcontract or otherwise delegate the whole or any part of its
                       rights or obligations under this contract to another person.

          [Alternative: 19.1 The Agent may subcontract or otherwise delegate the whole or any
          part of its activity or any other of its obligations under this contract to a third party. The
          Agent shall be responsible for the activities of its sub-Agents or delegates.]

          19.2 The Parties agree not to engage sub-Agents, delegates and/or employees
          of the other party.

      20. Notices
          20.1 Any notice under this contract shall be in writing (which may include
          e-mail) and may be served by leaving it or sending it to the address of the other
          party as specified in Article 20.2 below, in a manner that ensures receipt of the
          notice can be proved.

          20.2 For the purposes of Article 20.1, notification details are the following,
          unless other details have been duly notified in accordance with this Article:

          – ...........................................................;
          – ............................................................

      21. Entire agreement
          21.1 This contract sets out the entire agreement between the Parties. Neither
          party has entered into this contract in reliance upon any representation,
          warranty or undertaking of the other party that is not expressly set out or
          referred to in this contract. This Article shall not exclude any liability for
          fraudulent misrepresentation. [Option, add where relevant: “This contract supersedes
          any previous agreement or understanding relating its subject matter”.]

          21.2 This contract may not be varied except by an agreement of the Parties in
          writing (which may include e-mail) (add where Article [17.4] or equivalent is
          included: Or in accordance with Article [17.4].)

      22. Effect of invalid or unenforceable provisions
          If any provision of this contract is held by any court or other competent
          authority to be invalid or unenforceable in whole or in part, this contract
          shall continue to be valid as to its other provisions and the remainder of the

                            affected provision, unless it can be concluded from the circumstances that,
                            in the absence of the provision found to be null and void, the Parties would
                            not have concluded this contract. The Parties shall use all reasonable efforts
                            to replace all provisions found to be null and void by provisions that are valid
                            under the applicable law and come closest to their original intention.

                     23. Confidentiality
                            23.1 Both parties understand and acknowledge that, by virtue of the present
                            contract, they may both receive or become aware of information belonging or
                            relating to the other party, its business, business plans, affairs or activities,
                            which is confidential and proprietary to the other party and/or its suppliers
                            and/or customers and in respect of which they are bound by a strict duty of
                            confidence (“Confidential Information”).

                            23.2 In consideration of such Confidential Information being disclosed or
                            otherwise made available to either party for the purposes of the performance
                            of the present contract, both parties hereby undertake that they will not at
                            any time, either before or after the termination of the present contract, and
                            either directly or indirectly, disclose, divulge or make unauthorized use of any
                            Confidential Information, except to the extent to which such Confidential
                            Information:

                                   23.2.1 Is publicly known at the time of its disclosure or is being made
                                          available to them.

                                   23.2.2 After such disclosure or being made available to them, becomes
                                          publicly known otherwise than through a breach of this
                                          undertaking.

                                   23.2.3 Is required by law, regulation or order of a competent authority
                                          (including any regulatory or governmental body or securities
                                          exchange) to be disclosed by one of the Parties, provided that,
                                          where practicable, the other party is given reasonable advance
                                          notice of the intended disclosure.

                            23.3 Upon the earlier of a request from the other party or the termination of
                            this contract, each party shall return to the other all documents or records in
                            any medium or format containing any Confidential Information which are in
                            its possession or control and will not retain any copies of them.

                            23.4 This undertaking, and the obligations contained herein, will continue
                            without limit of period.

                            [Add where relevant:]

                     24. Authorizations
                            24.1 This contract is conditional upon the following authorizations first being
                            obtained [specify the authorization(s) or other conditions required e.g. of governmental
                            or regulatory authority].

                            24.2 The relevant party shall use all reasonable efforts on its part to obtain
                            such authorizations and shall notify the other party promptly of any difficulty
                            encountered.

      25. Dispute resolution procedure
          Any dispute, controversy or claim arising out of or relating to this contract,
          including its conclusion, interpretation, performance, breach, termination
          or invalidity, shall be finally settled under the rules of [specify the arbitration
          institution] by [specify the number of arbitrators, e.g. sole arbitrator or, if appropriate,
          three arbitrators] appointed in accordance with the said rules. The place of
          arbitration shall be [specify]. The language of the arbitration shall be [specify].

          [The following are alternatives to a specified arbitral institution under Article 25:

          Alternative 1: Ad hoc arbitration

          “Any dispute, controversy or claim arising out of or relating to this contract, including its
          conclusion, interpretation, performance, breach, termination or invalidity, shall be finally
          settled under the rules of UNCITRAL [specify other rules] by [specify the number of
          arbitrators, e.g. sole arbitrator or, if appropriate, three arbitrators] appointed by [specify
          name of appointing institution or person]. The place of arbitration shall be [specify]. The
          language of the arbitration shall be [specify].”]

          [Alternative 2: State courts

          Any dispute, controversy or claim arising out of or relating to this contract, in particular
          its conclusion, interpretation, performance, breach, termination or invalidity, shall be
          finally settled by the courts of (specify place and country) which will have exclusive
          jurisdiction.”]

      26. Applicable law
          [Specify national law] law shall apply to the contract.

          [Add where relevant:] If the Agent has its place of business and/or performs its
          activity within the European Union, the mandatory provisions of the EC
          Directive of 18 December 1986 shall also apply.

                     Schedule 1: Minimum orders
                            (Article 4.1)

                     Schedule 2: Fairs and exhibitions
                            (Article 5.2)

                            The parties shall participate in the following fairs or exhibitions within the
                            territory:

                                              The Agent                          The Principal

                     Schedule 3: List of non competing products (or service(s))
                     represented, manufactured, distributed or sold by the agent
                            (Article 7.4)

                            At the time of the conclusion of the present contract, the agent represents
                            (manufactures, distributes or sells) the following product(s) (or services):

                             . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
                             . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
                             . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
                             . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
                             . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

      Schedule 4: Agent's commission
          (Article 11.1)

      Schedule 5: Del Credere (Optional)
          (Article 13.1)
          The agent undertakes a Del Credere obligation according to the terms and
          conditions stated hereafter
          1     In this respect, the agent shall be responsible for:
                           [Option 1: Any transaction transmitted by the agent.
                           Option 2: Only for the transactions for which the Del Credere undertaking
                                     has been expressly agreed on a case-by-case basis.]
          2     In case of non payment by the customers, the agent hereby undertakes
          to reimburse to the principal the following amount:
                           [Option 1: The total amount of the sums not recovered.
                           Option 2: No more than . . . . . % [specify figure] of the sums not
                                     recovered.
                           Option 3: No more than the commission which would be due on such
                                     transaction.
                           Option 4: No more than . . . . . times [specify figure] the commission
                                     which would be due on such transaction.]
          3     The Del Credere obligation does not cover the expenses incurred by the
          principal for recovering its credits.
          4      The agent shall be entitled to an extra commission of . . . . . % [specify
          figure] on all business on which the agent has granted a Del Credere.
          5     No Del Credere is due if the loss is due to reasons for which the principal
          is responsible.

          DATE AND SIGNATURE OF THE PARTIES

                                Agent                                   Principal

          Date . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .              . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

          Name . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .              . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

                              Signature                                 Signature