EX-10.1
2
exh101.htm
MASTER INNOVATION AND SUPPLY AGREEMENT

 exh101.htm

Exhibit
 10.1

Execution
 Copy

MASTER
 INNOVATION AND SUPPLY AGREEMENT

between

THE
 HERSHEY COMPANY

and

BARRY
 CALLEBAUT, AG

_____________________________

Dated
 this 13th day
 of July, 2007

_____________________________

TABLE
 OF CONTENTS

Page

1.

DEFINITIONS

1

2.

SUPPLY
 AGREEMENTS

2

3.

STEERING
 COMMITTEE

13

4.

STANDARDS
 FOR PERFORMANCE

13

5.

NON-COMPETE
 AGREEMENT

14

6.

NON-SOLICITATION

14

7.

CONFIDENTIALITY

14

8.

TERM

17

9.

TERMINATION

17

10.

INDEPENDENT
 CONTRACTORS

18

11.

REPRESENTATIONS
 AND WARRANTIES

18

12.

INDEMNIFICATION

19

13.

FORCE
 MAJEURE

20

14.

NOTICE

20

15.

NO
 WAIVER

21

16.

ASSIGNMENTS

21

17.

GOVERNING
 LAW

21

18.

REAL
 ESTATE AGREEMENTS

21

19.

ENTIRE
 AGREEMENT AND HEADINGS

21

20.

CONFLICTING
 TERMS

21

21.

PREPRINTED
 TERMS

22

22.

BINDING
 EFFECT

22

i

EXHIBITS

Exhibit
 A: Hershey
 Specifications

Exhibit
 B: Form of Open Book
 Costing Data

Exhibit
 C: Insurance

Exhibit
 D: 
Competitors

Exhibit
 E: Product Guaranty and
 Indemnity

Exhibit
 F: Global Volume Increment
 Examples

ii

MASTER
 INNOVATION AND SUPPLY AGREEMENT

MASTER
 INNOVATION AND SUPPLY AGREEMENT (this “Agreement”) is entered into this
 13th day of
 July, 2007.

BETWEEN:

THE
 HERSHEY COMPANY, a corporation organized and existing under the laws of
 the State of Delaware, with a principal place of business at 100 Crystal A
 Drive, Hershey, Pennsylvania 17033 (hereinafter individually referred to as
 "Hershey" or a “Party”),

and

BARRY
 CALLEBAUT, AG, a corporation organized and existing under the laws of
 Switzerland, with a principal place of business at Westpark Pfingstweidstrasse
 60, 8500 Zurich, Switzerland (hereinafter individually referred to as
“Callebaut” or a “Party”).

Hershey
 and Callebaut may collectively be referred to herein as the
“Parties”.

BACKGROUND:

Hershey
 and Callebaut are manufacturers of chocolate and confectionery products and
 have
 experience in the design, development, manufacture and marketing of such
 products. Simultaneous with the signing of this Agreement, Hershey
 and Callebaut have entered into a Product Development and Innovation Agreement
 (together with any exhibits thereto, the “Innovation Agreement”) under which
 Hershey will utilize Callebaut’s product development, innovation and
 manufacturing expertise and Hershey and Callebaut will collaborate on joint
 development of new technologies and products. Hershey and Callebaut now wish
 to
 enter into this Agreement and the related Supply Agreements, pursuant to which
 Callebaut will manufacture certain products and ingredients for
 Hershey.

1.

DEFINITIONS

In
 addition to the terms defined elsewhere in this Agreement, whenever used in
 this
 Agreement the following terms shall have the respective meanings set out
 below:

“Affiliate”
 means a wholly owned subsidiary of a Party.

“Bulk
 Chocolate Product” means chocolate in solid and/or liquid form, including
 chocolate chips and chocolate chunks in any form.

“Cocoa
 Ingredient” means cocoa liquor, cocoa butter and/or cocoa
 powder.

“Finished
 Consumer Chocolate Confectionery Product” means any product in any form that
 does not require further processing prior to retail sale to a
 consumer.

“Global
 Supply Agreement” means the Supply Agreement of even date herewith for
 Products sourced between the Parties other than those Products sourced under
 the
 Supply Agreement for Mexico, the Supply Agreement for Robinson or a Subsequent
 Supply Agreement, together with any exhibits thereto.

“Hershey
 Specifications” means the product specifications, technical procedures and
 quality requirements provided from time to time by Hershey.

1

“Losses”
 means damages, losses, liabilities, obligations and claims of any kind
 (including, without limitations, reasonable attorney’s fees and
 expenses).

“North
 America” means the United States, Canada, Mexico, Puerto Rico and the U.S.
 Virgin Islands.

“Products”
 means any and all products defined as such in a Supply Agreement.

 “Real
 Estate Agreements” means the Lease Agreement for the Monterrey, Mexico land
 and the Lease Agreement for the Robinson, Illinois premises, together in each
 instance with any exhibits thereto.

“Related
 Agreements” mean, collectively, each Supply Agreement, the Real Estate
 Agreements and the Innovation Agreement.

“Subsequent
 Supply Agreement” means any separate supply agreement entered into by the
 Parties or Affiliates thereof subsequent to the date of this Agreement and
 designated as such therein.

“Supply
 Agreement” means any of the Supply Agreement for Mexico, the Supply
 Agreement for Robinson, the Global Supply Agreement or any subsequent Supply
 Agreement.

“Supply
 Agreement for Mexico” means the Supply Agreement for chocolate products to
 be produced in Monterrey, Mexico, together with any exhibits thereto, of even
 date herewith.

“Supply
 Agreement for Robinson” means the Supply Agreement for chocolate products to
 be produced in Robinson, Illinois, together with any exhibits thereto, of even
 date herewith.

2.

SUPPLY
 AGREEMENTS

Simultaneous
 with the signing of this Agreement the Parties will execute each of the Supply
 Agreements. The Supply Agreements provide that Callebaut will,
 through the use of its own technical information and equipment, and through
 the
 use of certain technical information provided by Hershey, manufacture, package
 and deliver the Products defined therein to Hershey in exchange for the
 consideration referenced in the respective Supply Agreement. The following
 terms
 and conditions shall apply to each of the Supply Agreements:

A. Production
 of Products

1. Callebaut
 will produce, package and deliver Products for Hershey in accordance with the
 Hershey Specifications. The Hershey Specifications are attached
 hereto as Exhibit A. Callebaut agrees to abide by Hershey’s Supplier
 Code of Conduct. Callebaut acknowledges that the Hershey Specifications may
 be
 revised upon prior written notice by Hershey, in its sole discretion, at any
 time during the term of this Agreement. In the event that revisions
 to the Hershey Specifications result in a change in cost to Callebaut, including
 a change in cost due to any required capital addition or expenditure on the
 part
 of Callebaut, following good-faith negotiations between the Parties, the amount
 paid to Callebaut under the applicable Supply Agreement will be adjusted to
 reflect the new cost. If such revisions render unmarketable any of
 the Products or inventories of ingredients or packaging materials, Hershey
 shall
 purchase, up to the quantity authorized in accordance with the provisions of
 Section 2(B)(2), all such items from Callebaut at Callebaut's cost or other
 agreed upon price.

2

2. Callebaut
 agrees to pay for any and all capital required to manufacture the Products
 unless specified otherwise in this Agreement or in a Supply
 Agreement.

B. Operations
 Planning

The
 Parties agree to plan the
 production under each Supply Agreement in accordance with the following
 principles:

1. On
 October 1 of each year during the term of each Supply Agreement, Hershey will
 provide to Callebaut an estimate of the twelve (12) month demand for the
 upcoming calendar year (January to December) by Product (the “Annual
 Estimate”).

2. Thirty
 (30) days before each calendar quarter during the term of each Supply Agreement
 Hershey will provide Callebaut with a scheduling agreement which will be used
 to
 track product shipments and subsequent invoices (the “Scheduling
 Agreement”). This Scheduling Agreement will provide a more current
 estimate of Product demand for the upcoming quarter at the Product level and
 will identify Product cost in accordance with the terms of the applicable Supply
 Agreement. It is understood by the Parties that when production is
 terminated, and possibly during the term of this Agreement, some materials
 will
 either become obsolete due to changes in the Hershey's Specifications or there
 will be extra material due to incorrect forecasting. While Hershey
 will be financially responsible for these obsolete and/or extra
 materials:

a)

Callebaut
 shall use all prudent means to minimize the financial impact to Hershey
 of
 these material losses, and

b)

under
 no circumstances will Hershey be responsible under the provisions
 of this
 section for ingredients and packaging materials which, when ordered
 by
 Callebaut, represented more than a three (3) month supply (based
 on the
 then current production plan) of the item in question (except with
 regard
 to production of promotion or “one time” products which will be mutually
 agreed to), and

c)

notwithstanding
 (b) above, Callebaut may enter into supply contracts for a period
 of
 longer than three (3) months with the prior written approval from
 Hershey.

3. Each
 week during the term of this Agreement Hershey will provide Callebaut a shipment
 plan by facility for the Products showing estimated required shipments of
 Products on a twelve (12) week rolling basis (the “Shipment
 Plan”). Additionally, for Monterrey and Robinson
 Hershey will further identify the first two weeks of the Shipment
 Plan into daily shipments, inclusive of Saturdays, Sundays and non-business
 days
 if Hershey requires shipments on such days.

4. Except
 as set forth in the volume and pricing provisions of Section
 2(B)(7) and any obligation that exists under Section 2(B)(2)
 above with respect to the Supply Agreement for Mexico and the Supply
 Agreement for Robinson Hershey shall be obligated to purchase from Callebaut
 only the three day production reflected in the relevant Shipment Plan for the
 day after such Shipment Plan was received and the next two days, and with
 respect to the Global Supply Agreement Hershey shall be obligated to purchase
 from Callebaut only the first two-weeks’ production reflected in the
 then-current Shipment Plan.

3

5. Designated
 representatives within the plants will plan the shipments outlined in an
 applicable Shipment Plan on a daily and/or shift basis.

6. Callebaut
 will supply all of Hershey’s actual demands. In the event Hershey’s daily
 production demand exceeds Callebaut’s daily capacity, Callebaut will make the
 Product that exceeded its capacity on the next available production run.
 Callebaut will undertake commercially reasonable efforts to ensure that
 commitments to third party customers do not limit or interfere with any
 production for Hershey, provided, however, that nothing contained in this
 Agreement or any Supply Agreement shall be interpreted as requiring Callebaut
 to
 cancel service commitments to third-party customers as a result of any error
 or
 omission in a Scheduling Agreement or Shipment Plan. For planning
 purposes in the Monterrey facility, Callebaut will provide Hershey with
 information pertaining to the facility’s estimated daily production capacity no
 later than May 1, 2008.

7. In
 the event that Hershey’s actual order volume of Products in any given calendar
 year under the applicable Supply Agreement is less than the amounts set forth
 on
 Exhibit F from Callebaut’s Monterrey facility and Callebaut’s Robinson facility,
 respectively, and provided the shortfall is not due to Callebaut’s action or
 inaction, the consequences shall be limited to:

a)

The
 continued application of the cost tiers in the Conversion Cost Grids
 of
 the respective Supply Agreements as may be adjusted in accordance
 with the
 Global Volume Increment set forth below;
 and

b)

With
 respect to Callebaut’s Monterrey facility, Callebaut may exercise the Put
 Option set forth in the Supply Agreement for
 Mexico.

8.

Global
 Volume Increment

a)

To
 potentially reduce or eliminate the incremental absorption charge
 resulting from the application of the cost tiers where the respective
 annual purchase volumes are below the Base Tiers, volume shortfalls
 in
 products sourced from Callebaut’s Monterrey facility and from Callebaut’s
 Robinson facility may be offset by other volume sourced by Hershey
 from
 Callebaut as set forth in this
 Section.

b)

Reference
 is made to the Base Tier volume ranges set forth in the Conversion
 Cost
 Grids of the Supply Agreements:

i.

The
 Base Tier volume range for the Supply Agreement for Mexico is the
 amount
 set forth in Exhibit F.

ii.

The
 Base Tier volume range for the Supply Agreement for Robinson is the
 amount
 set forth in Exhibit F.

iii.

The
 Global Supply Agreement does not include a Base Tier Volume
 range. Solely for the purposes of this Section, the Base Tier
 volume range for the Global Supply Agreement shall be the amount
 set forth
 in Exhibit F.

iv.

As
 per Section (2)(B)(1), Hershey’s shall deliver to Callebaut the Annual
 Estimate for the following calendar year detailing production requirements
 for each of Callebaut’s Monterrey
 facility

4

and
 Callebaut’s Robinson facility, production requirements under the Global
 Supply Agreement and production requirements for any Subsequent Supply
 Agreement. The sum of these Annual Estimates shall be
 collectively referred to as the Global Volume Estimate. For
 purposes of clarity, volumes to be included in the Global Volume
 Estimate
 shall include all volumes sourced by Hershey from any Callebaut facility,
 including all chocolate bulk products, all chocolate fillings to
 be used
 in a Callebaut, Hershey facility or co-manufacturer facility, all
 chocolate chips and chocolate eggs production, and all new products
 sourced from Callebaut by Hershey, but shall not include Cocoa
 Ingredients.

c)

The
 Global Volume Increment shall be calculated
 as:

66%
 x
 [the sum of the amount by which the Annual Estimates exceed the Base Tiers,
 plus
 the Estimated Subsequent Supply Agreement Volume]

i.

Where
 the resulting Global Volume Increment is a number greater than zero,
 it
 shall be first added to the Annual Estimate for Callebaut’s Monterrey
 facility in an amount necessary to reach the amount set forth in
 Exhibit F
 (which is the lowest volume of the Base Tier range) to determine
 the cost
 tier to be used for the January – December conversion cost to be
 determined in accordance with Section (2)(D). After deducting
 any amount applied to determine the cost tier for product sourced
 from
 Callebaut’s Monterrey facility, any remaining Global Volume Increment may
 be similarly applied to determine the cost tier for Callebaut’s Robinson
 facility. In no instance shall the Global Volume Increment
 result in conversion costs lower than that reflected in the Base
 Tier of
 the Conversion Cost Grids.

ii.

With
 respect to the application of the Global Volume Increment, each calendar
 year must be viewed on a stand-alone basis. Volume from one
 calendar year may not be applied to any preceding or succeeding calendar
 year.

iii.

The
 calculation of the Global Volume Increment shall commence with the
 calendar year starting on January 1,
 2009.

iv.

Annually
 at each November Steering Committee Meeting, the Parties will review
 actual annual purchase volumes as compared to the Annual Estimate
 used to
 calculate the Global Volume Increment and to establish the cost tiers
 used
 in the January – December conversion costs. If such actual
 annual purchase volumes indicates that a different cost tier should
 have
 been used for the then current calendar year, the Parties shall calculate
 and agree upon any necessary year-end adjustment to be applied to
 all
 volume for the full calendar year and apply such year-end adjustment
 as
 per Section (2)(D)(2)(b).

5

v.

Examples
 of the calculation of the global increment methodology are attached
 as
 part of Exhibit F.

C.

Contingency
 and Business
 Interruption

If
 during the term of a Supply
 Agreement, through no fault of Hershey, Callebaut is delayed or unable to
 deliver Products in accordance with the terms of this Agreement or any Supply
 Agreement, other than as a result of a force majeure event, then in addition
 to
 any other remedies available to Hershey, Callebaut will, at Hershey’s option,
 either reimburse Hershey for incremental costs it incurs in obtaining alternate
 supplies of Products or Callebaut will supply Products from its facilities
 at
 the same delivered cost as specified in the current applicable Scheduling
 Agreement. Products can only be sourced in a form and/or from a
 country which allows Hershey’s country of origin labeling to remain correct, and
 which does not subject the finished goods Hershey makes with the Products to
 additional duties or taxes upon export, unless Callebaut reimburses Hershey
 for
 any such additional duties or taxes.

D. Product
 Costing and Procurement

1. Hershey
 shall reimburse Callebaut for the ingredients and packaging materials used
 to
 produce Products, at costs to be established in accordance with the provisions
 of Section 2(D)(2), shall pay Callebaut a conversion cost specified in the
 Pricing Grid of the applicable Supply Agreement (which conversion cost shall
 include Callebaut's cost of labor, overhead and profit and, where applicable,
 the incremental absorption charge), and shall pay Callebaut’s agreed upon
 working capital financing costs. Product costs will be developed and
 communicated with full detail to include at minimum ingredient component costs
 and yields, packaging component costs and yields and conversion
 costs. Product costs will be established no later than
 December 31 for the following full calendar year (January to December),
 subject to the provisions of Section 2(D)(4).

2. Hershey
 and Callebaut agree to establish Product costs as follows:

a)

As
 part of the August Steering Committee meeting, Hershey and Callebaut
 will
 review the estimated volumes of ingredients and components which
 will be
 required to produce Hershey’s estimated demand of Products for the
 upcoming calendar year. The Parties will discuss the method by which
 ingredients and packaging components will be purchased. The
 Parties agree that at Hershey’s option one of the following methods will
 be used to procure each component:

i)

Hershey
 sells the ingredient or component directly to
 Callebaut;

ii)

Callebaut
 places orders or releases for ingredients or components with Hershey’s
 suppliers under Hershey’s contracts; provided however, that any supplier
 must be approved by Callebaut, such approval not to be unreasonably
 withheld; or

iii)

Callebaut
 purchases directly from its suppliers (which are approved by
 Hershey).

Any
 ingredients or components sourced pursuant to clause (i) or (ii)
 shall be
 referred to herein as “Hershey Raw Materials”, and any ingredients
 or

6

components
 sourced pursuant to clause (iii) shall be referred to herein as “Callebaut
 Raw Materials”. With regard to any ingredients or components
 sourced pursuant to clause (i), Hershey shall be liable to Callebaut
 for
 the quality and suitability of use of such ingredients or components,
 unless quality or suitability fails due to the action or inaction
 of
 Callebaut. At any time during production Hershey may
 require Callebaut to change one or more of the methods of procurement
 that
 have been selected, subject to fulfillment of any pre-existing commitments
 Callebaut may have made to suppliers, provided, however, that such
 commitments, other than with respect to any ingredients or components
 sourced pursuant to clause (i), do not exceed the amount authorized
 to be
 purchased under Section 2(B)(2).

b)

During
 the November Steering Committee meeting, Hershey will provide Callebaut
 with the costs for Hershey Raw Materials and Callebaut will present
 Hershey with the proposed costs for the Callebaut Raw Materials,
 inclusive
 of any carry or forward cover costs necessary to establish yearlong
 pricing, for each Product. Callebaut will also provide substantiation
 and
 documentation showing current costs and the methodology Callebaut
 used to
 calculate the proposed annual cost for each Callebaut Raw Material
 and the
 then current estimate of any year-end adjustments, as provided for
 under
 the Supply Agreements, including adjustments resulting from the
 application of the fineness grid and from tiered pricing based on
 actual
 calendar year volume. In the event the Parties cannot agree on
 a cost for a Callebaut Raw Material, Hershey shall have the right
 to
 purchase this component itself and sell it to Callebaut or to require
 that
 Callebaut purchase it under one of Hershey’s established contracts with a
 supplier. If the Parties reach an agreement on the annual cost for
 Callebaut Raw Materials, Callebaut will use that cost in its calculation
 of Product costing to Hershey for the next calendar year
 period. In addition, nothing in this Agreement or any Related
 Agreement shall be construed as allowing Hershey access to Callebaut’s
 financial records, including, but not limited to, operating costs
 and
 suppliers’ invoices. Callebaut will provide open-book costing
 data for the Products in form substantially similar to that shown
 on
 Exhibit B.

3. During
 November of each year hereunder Callebaut will have entered all agreed upon
 input costs and variables into the product pricing model and will provide
 Hershey with costs for each Product by appropriate unit of measure (case, pound,
 other).

4. Product
 costs will be calculated in accordance with this Agreement for a period of
 one
 year (January – December). These costs will be used in the Scheduling
 Agreements and will be subject to change only at the start of each calendar
 year, except in the case of an event of Force Majeure or for exceptional
 inflationary events in areas such as energy costs or currency
 rates. The Parties agree to jointly work towards minimizing the
 impact of any such fluctuations.

5. Should
 Product(s) be added throughout the year, Hershey and Callebaut will create
 Product costs by unit of measure following the above methodology (to include
 all

7

 ingredients, packaging, conversion costs and
 yields/waste/overweight) 30 days before the first production.

6. In
 the event that a change in Hershey Specifications results in an increase or
 decrease in actual conversion costs, Hershey and Callebaut will review
 documented changes and negotiate a new conversion cost that reflects such change
 which will take effect from the date of the change.

7. All
 Callebaut orders under Hershey supply contracts will be reported to Hershey
 in a
 manner established by Hershey and Callebaut.

8. 
 Product costs will include a financing fee on the Callebaut Raw Materials,
 the
 conversion fee charged by Callebaut and the incremental absorption charge where
 applicable. For purposes of the financing fee, cocoa based products
 involving forward contracts shall be considered Callebaut Raw
 Materials. The agreed to financing fee for the subsequent calendar
 year will be fixed at each November Steering Committee Meeting and will reflect
 Callebaut’s estimated cost of borrowing.

9. Hershey
 and Callebaut will each designate one contact for all pricing questions and
 other operating issues arising under this agreement or any Supply
 Agreement.

E. Product
 Yields

1. Each
 Supply Agreement will set forth a waste, loss, and/or overweight allowance
 for
 each ingredient and packaging component used to produce a Product (the
“Established Yields”). Callebaut shall be responsible for all additional
 ingredients and packaging components required as a result of Callebaut’s failure
 to comply with Established Yields.

2. Hershey
 and Callebaut will review any issues with Established Yields where
 applicable. Should Hershey and Callebaut agree to adjust the
 Established Yield, the new Established Yield will apply for the following year’s
 production (January-December). Any adjustment will not be
 retroactive, except as otherwise mutually agreed to by the Parties.

F. Currency

1. Unless
 otherwise agreed by the Parties, Hershey will pay for Products produced under
 the Monterrey and Robinson Supply Agreements in United States
 Dollars. Any reference to “Dollars” or “$” in this Agreement or any
 Related Agreement shall be a reference to United States Dollars.

2. For
 all other production Hershey and Callebaut will agree to the payment currency
 and exchange rates at minimum thirty (30) days before such production under
 the
 Global Supply Agreement or a Subsequent Agreement begins.

3. Any
 and all currency and exchange rate agreements will be reviewed annually by
 the
 Parties.

4. Callebaut
 and Hershey will agree on currency exchange rates for use in calendar year
 pricing for those Callebaut Raw Materials that involve currencies other than
 the
 currency used to invoice Hershey for Products. Callebaut shall be
 responsible for any variances in such currency exchange rates as part of the
 calendar year pricing, except for cases of

8

exceptional
 inflationary events that may affect calendar year pricing. The
 Parties agree to jointly work towards minimizing the impact of any such
 exceptional inflationary events.

G. Payments
 for Products

1. Callebaut
 shall issue its invoice for Products produced in accordance with this Agreement
 at the time such Products are shipped or delivered to Hershey in accordance
 with
 the delivery terms. Hershey shall pay any amount due under this
 Agreement following receipt of Callebaut's invoice on terms of net twenty-three
 (23) days from date of receipt of invoice plus a seven day grace period to
 enable weekly grouping of payments, except in the case of a good faith
 dispute.

2. To
 ensure prompt payment of all invoices, Callebaut shall include on each invoice
 the information requested by Hershey in a form agreed in advance.

3. Invoices
 shall be electronically submitted. The date of receipt of electronic invoices
 will be the date following the date upon which it is transmitted.

4. All
 payments shall be electronically transferred to the designated bank account
 of
 the Party to which such payments are due.

5. A
 Party may only set off amounts it is owed by the other Party if permitted by
 applicable law and against amounts it owes the other Party in the event the
 Party seeking to offset payments has a credible concern about the other Party’s
 creditworthiness.

H. Productivity

1. Hershey
 and Callebaut recognize the need to provide the highest quality product at
 the
 lowest possible cost. To accomplish this objective, Hershey and
 Callebaut agree to cooperate in a continuing effort to improve the productivity
 of all operations.

2. These
 productivity efforts should target but are not limited to, (i) improved yields
 for packaging and ingredient utilization; (ii) optimization of output in all
 phases of the production process; (iii) obtaining the lowest possible cost
 per
 unit on packaging and ingredients; (iv) labor reductions through effective
 utilization; (v) reduction of overweights; and (vi) minimization of
 sampling/testing of the Products.

3. It
 is recognized that Callebaut’s ability to share conversion cost productivity for
 its Robinson and Monterrey facilities will be dependent on Callebaut’s ability
 to fill available capacity with third party volume. Hershey and Callebaut agree
 to share in all productivity improvements related to production output, labor
 reductions, etc. Notwithstanding the above, Hershey shall receive
 100% of all cost improvements resulting from reductions in unit costs for
 ingredients and packaging, minimization of all sampling/testing, as well as
 savings from Hershey funded capital investments of the Products, except where
 such Hershey funded capital investments improve the overall efficiency of the
 Callebaut facility whereby Callebaut third-party volume may also benefit from
 such investments. Hershey's share of the resulting productivity
 efforts shall be in the form of conversion cost reductions or Established Yield
 improvements.

I. Supply
 of Ingredients and Packaging

9

 1. For Callebaut
 Raw Materials, Callebaut will issue its purchase orders directly with suppliers,
 and will honor all payment terms of the suppliers on a timely basis, except
 in
 the case of a good faith dispute. Callebaut will use only suppliers that have
 been previously approved in writing by Hershey for the
 Products. Hershey shall in no way be a party to or responsible for
 Callebaut’s contracts for Callebaut Raw Materials.

2. For
 Hershey Raw Materials, Hershey shall, at its option, either invoice Callebaut
 or
 direct the supplier to invoice Callebaut directly, and Callebaut shall pay
 any
 amount due Hershey hereunder following receipt of Hershey’s invoice on terms of
 net twenty-three (23) days from date of receipt of invoice plus a seven day
 grace period to enable weekly groupings of payments or shall pay within the
 supplier’s stated terms, except, in each instance, in the case of a good faith
 dispute.

3. With
 Hershey’s prior approval, such approval not to be unreasonably withheld,
 Callebaut may source ingredients and packaging from other Callebaut divisions
 at
 prevailing market rates. The Parties recognize that Hershey has
 existing contractual obligations for the procurement of Cocoa Ingredients at
 the
 date of this Agreement. Upon the expiration of these contractual
 commitments, Hershey will source Cocoa Ingredients from Callebaut for the
 Robinson Facility as long as Callebaut meets Hershey’s product specifications,
 quality requirements, time requirements, commercial cost assumptions, capacity
 and volume requirements, and geographic need. Hershey will source
 Cocoa Ingredients from Callebaut for the Monterrey facility from the start
 of
 production as long as Callebaut meets Hershey’s product specifications, quality
 requirements, time requirements, commercial cost assumptions, capacity and
 volume requirements, and geographic need.

4. Where
 commercially reasonable, the Hershey Raw Materials volumes shall only be used
 in
 the Products and Callebaut agrees not to use Hershey Raw Materials volumes
 in
 any other product it may produce. Should it not be commercially
 reasonable to ensure that Hershey Raw Materials are used solely in the Products
 (e.g. due to common silos, manufacturing processes, etc.), Hershey shall
 nonetheless receive the benefit of use of raw materials of equal quality and
 specification in the manufacture of the Products and in pricing on invoices
 received from Callebaut.

5. Callebaut
 shall inspect and sample all Hershey Raw Materials and Callebaut Raw Materials
 for conformance with Hershey's Specifications and shall reject and withhold
 from
 use in the manufacture of the Products any Hershey Raw Materials or Callebaut
 Raw Materials determined by Callebaut not to be in conformity with such Hershey
 Specifications. Callebaut will maintain available line capacity and
 inventories of ingredients and packaging materials in sufficient amounts to
 support the production requirements of the Products set forth on the Shipment
 Plan issued by Hershey to Callebaut. Callebaut acknowledges that certain
 ingredients used in the products have a limited shelf life. Callebaut
 agrees to utilize the ingredients in such a manner as to utilize first those
 ingredients which have been in inventory the longest.

J. Quality
 Assurance

1. Without
 limiting its warranties herein, Callebaut shall manufacture the Products and
 perform the sampling and testing procedures for the Products in accordance
 with
 the Hershey Specifications.

10

2. All
 Products delivered by Callebaut to Hershey under the terms of this Agreement
 shall conform to the Hershey Specifications, applicable laws and regulations
 of
 the United States Food and Drug Administration, the United States Public Health
 Service, Mexico’s Ministry of Health, Canadian Regulatory Agency Requirements,
 and any and all other applicable United States, Canadian and Mexican federal,
 state and local laws and regulations. All water used in connection
 with the Products, whether it be for processing or cleaning, shall meet the
 United States Environmental Protection Agency and applicable Canadian and
 Mexican safe drinking water standards. All required testing will be
 done at Callebaut's expense, which expense shall be included as part of the
 conversion fee charged by Callebaut, however, Hershey shall reimburse Callebaut
 separate and apart from the conversion cost for all third-party testing expense,
 if any, incurred by Callebaut between the date of this Agreement and December
 31, 2007 while the Parties work towards the certification of the Callebaut-owned
 labs. Should such certification be delayed beyond December 31, 2007
 due to the action or inaction of Hershey, the final reimbursement date will
 be
 extended until such date as the Callebaut-owned labs are so
 certified. Should, however, such certification be delayed because of
 Callebaut failing to provide Hershey with necessary information or Callebaut’s
 failure to implement remedial actions, if any, validly identified by Hershey,
 Callebaut will be responsible for any third-party testing expense incurred
 after
 December 31, 2007. Should Hershey change the Hershey Specifications
 at any time during the term of this Agreement, the Parties will negotiate in
 good faith any required adjustment to conversion costs.

3. Callebaut
 warrants that (i) it will perform under this Agreement in accordance with all
 the terms hereof, (ii) that its processing of the Products hereunder shall
 be in
 accordance with the highest standards prescribed by the Good Manufacturing
 Practices regulations promulgated by the United States Food and Drug
 Administration, all applicable United States, Canadian and Mexican laws and
 regulations and Hershey's Specifications, and (iii) that all Products, when
 delivered to Hershey, will comply with Hershey’s Specifications, shall not be
 adulterated or misbranded within the meaning of the United States Federal Food,
 Drug and Cosmetic Act (the “Act”), applicable Canadian and Mexican law, and
 regulations promulgated thereunder, and shall not be articles which may not,
 under the provisions of Section 404 or 505 of the Act, be introduced into
 interstate commerce.

4. Callebaut
 shall reimburse Hershey for any costs or losses incurred by Hershey as a result
 of any Product rejected by Hershey for failure to conform to the requirements
 of
 this Agreement. Callebaut's obligation under the prior sentence shall
 include reimbursing Hershey for all reasonable cleaning, transportation,
 retrieval, storage and destruction costs caused by the defective
 Product. The above remedies are not exclusive and, subject to the
 provisions of Section 10(F), Hershey shall be entitled to all remedies hereunder
 and allowed by law. Callebaut shall not be required to remedy any
 defects or discrepancies caused substantially by inherent defects in Hershey's
 Specifications. All major incidents shall be reported to the Steering
 Committee at the quarterly meeting following the incident.

11

5. Callebaut
 shall remove any Product rejected by Hershey or not otherwise meeting the
 requirements of this Agreement in accordance with Hershey's reasonable
 instructions. Rejected Product sourced under any Supply Agreement
 that has already been packaged by Hershey into finished product shall be
 disposed of in accordance with Hershey’s reasonable instructions. The
 method of disposition of rejected Products sourced under either the Mexico
 Supply Agreement or the Robinson Supply Agreement that has not already been
 packaged by Hershey into finished product shall be at Callebaut’s
 discretion. With Hershey’s prior approval, and provided that
 Callebaut can meet Hershey Specifications and in compliance with applicable
 laws
 and regulations, rejected Products may be blended into future Products sold
 to
 Hershey. Callebaut may also blend any such rejected Product into any
 other products for third-party volume at a rate of 5%, or such greater rate
 as
 may be approved by Hershey. Callebaut will be responsible for
 the cost of normal disposal of Product rejected for failure to satisfy the
 requirements of this Agreement.

6. Upon
 reasonable notice, and during Callebaut's normal operations, Callebaut shall
 permit Hershey or its designees access to Callebaut's facilities utilized in
 the
 receiving, handling, packaging and storage of packaging, ingredients and
 Products for the purpose of ascertaining Callebaut's compliance with Good
 Manufacturing Practices and Hershey Specifications and quality assurance
 requirements, provided however, that unless permitted under another agreement
 between the Parties, Hershey shall not have access to any part of Callebaut's
 facilities which are not used directly in the manufacture of Products or the
 receiving, storage, handling or packaging of any Products or ingredients or
 which are subject to limited access by agreement of the
 Parties. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Callebaut shall have the
 final responsibility for complying with all requirements of this Agreement,
 the
 Hershey Specifications, Good Manufacturing Practices and other legal
 requirements. Callebaut shall promptly notify Hershey of any material
 discrepancies noted during any inspection of Callebaut's production facilities
 by the United States Food and Drug Administration, the United States Public
 Health Service, Canadian Regulatory Authority, Mexico’s Ministry of Health, any
 state or any other legally authorized federal, state or local regulatory agency
 and shall also provide Hershey a list of any discrepancies noted by any
 authorities relating to the manufacture, packaging and storage by Callebaut
 of
 the Products, the ingredients and the packaging materials.

7. Callebaut
 shall keep complete, true and accurate records with respect to compliance with
 the requirements of the Hershey Specifications set forth on Exhibit
 A. Callebaut shall allow Hershey or its designees reasonable access
 to these records insofar as they relate to the Products, potential product
 recalls, potential product claims and government inquiries. These
 records will be maintained for a period of not less than 6 years.

8. Callebaut
 represents that it has registered its facilities as required under the United
 States Food and Drug Administration Bioterrorism Act. Callebaut will
 remain in compliance with such Act through the term of this
 Agreement. Callebaut agrees to contact Hershey promptly (but in no
 event later than one hour after Callebaut knows or should have known of the
 incident) if any of the Callebaut facilities used for the production of any
 Product are affected by security violation, theft or other incident that is
 reasonably likely to impair Product integrity.

12

9. The
 Parties incorporate the Product Guaranty and Indemnity Agreement attached as
 Exhibit E into this Agreement.

K. Delivery,
 Title Transfer, Risk of Loss and Insurance

1. Delivery
 terms, transfer of title to and risk of loss of the Products are addressed
 in
 each of the Supply Agreements.

2. Callebaut
 shall carry and maintain Insurance coverage as defined in Exhibit
 C. The limits specified in Exhibit C are based upon factors existing
 at the commencement of this Agreement. The Parties agree that these
 limits may be increased or decreased, by mutual agreement, throughout the term
 of this Agreement. Should an increase in insurance coverage be
 required, the Parties agree to negotiate in good faith any required adjustments
 to the calendar year pricing for the Products, effective for the January to
 December period following the increase in coverage. Hershey shall be
 named as additional named insured on each of the foregoing
 policies. Callebaut shall pay all premiums when due and within such
 period of time as is necessary to keep such insurance in full force and
 effect. Current certificates of insurance shall be provided to
 Hershey to evidence the coverage required by this Section
 2(K)(2). Such certificates shall provide for thirty (30) days advance
 written notice to Hershey of any cancellation of the relevant policy and
 Callebaut shall provide thirty (30) days advance written notice of any material
 change to the relevant policy.

3.

STEERING
 COMMITTEE

A
 Steering Committee shall be established to assess performance and address issues
 arising under this Agreement and the Related Agreements. Each Party
 shall assign representatives from their management teams to guide the
 relationship between the Parties, ensure compliance with this Agreement and
 the
 Related Agreements, resolve issues and disputes, measure and assess performance,
 and evaluate proposals from either side. At least one senior
 executive or officer of each Party shall participate on the Steering
 Committee. The respective individuals from each Party responsible for
 production, quality, logistics and pricing are expected to attend Steering
 Committee meetings. The Steering Committee will meet quarterly. A
 Party wishing to modify or amend any provision of any agreement between the
 Parties may submit the proposed change to the Steering Committee for its
 consideration along with the basis for the proposal, any adjustment in costs
 or
 schedules of delivery of Products resulting from the change, and any other
 impact of the change, to the other Party. No change will be accepted
 until agreed upon by both Parties in writing and signed by each
 Party.

4.

STANDARDS
 FOR PERFORMANCE

A. Both
 Parties agree to develop two-way performance metrics by which performance under
 this Agreement will be evaluated. A scorecard with key performance
 indicators and metrics will be jointly developed by September 30, 2007 (the
 “Performance Scorecard”). Performance bands will be set forth as follows
 on the Performance Scorecard for the determination of aggregate average
 quarterly scores: (i) Acceptable; (ii) Immediate action; and (iii)
 Unacceptable. For purposes of clarity, the Parties both
 acknowledge that an “Unacceptable” rating will result in the event of a
 significant disruption in the supply of Products arising from Callebaut’s action
 or inaction under this Agreement.

13

B. Prior
 to each Steering Committee meeting, each Party will complete their respective
 Performance Scorecard for both their and the other Party’s performance over the
 past three, six and twelve months. Performance Scorecard reports will
 be reviewed at the quarterly Steering Committee meeting. If the
 Steering Committee identifies issues that need improvement, the responsible
 Party will provide corrective action plans and results within a reasonable
 amount of time commensurate with the severity of the issue. The
 Performance Scorecard shall be developed in sufficient form and content to
 clearly define those key performance indicators which, if not achieved, would
 constitute a breach under the terms of this Agreement or the Supply
 Agreements.

5.

NON-COMPETE
 AGREEMENT

A. The
 parties agree to the Non-Compete provisions set forth in Exhibit F.

6.

NON-SOLICITATION

Except
 as expressly permitted in any
 related agreement the Parties agree not to solicit the other Party’s employees
 for employment. The Parties further agree that public advertisements or postings
 of job openings in the ordinary course of a Party’s business are not considered
 solicitation hereunder.

7.

CONFIDENTIALITY

A. “Confidential
 Information” shall mean Proprietary Information and Trade Secret
 Information. With respect to information disclosed by Hershey to
 Callebaut, Confidential Information shall mean non-public information,
 including, without limitation, all information Callebaut may receive, or has
 received since September 1, 2006, from Hershey concerning the processing of,
 production of, marketing of, distribution of, selling of, strategic plans of,
 recipes for and quantities of the Products Hershey requests Callebaut to process
 and package and any recipes, ingredients, suppliers, product specifications,
 production output, sales volume, consumer insights, costing/financial
 information, productivity, research/developmental activities, location of
 manufacturing or Hershey manufacturing processes used in the production of
 the
 Products. With respect to information disclosed by Callebaut to
 Hershey, Confidential Information shall mean non-public information, including,
 without limitation, all information Hershey may receive, or has
 received since September 1, 2006, from Callebaut concerning Callebaut’s
 facilities, financial and production capabilities, processing of, production
 of,
 marketing of, distribution of selling of and strategic plans of Callebaut
 products and any recipes, ingredients, suppliers, product specifications,
 production output, sales volume, costing/financial information, productivity
 and
 research/developmental activities.

B. “Proprietary
 Information” shall mean that Confidential Information of a Party that is not
 included in Trade Secret Information.

C. “Trade
 Secret Information” shall mean that information of a Party which that Party
 considers to be confidential and proprietary in nature which relates to the
 product and ingredient formulas and production processes which are critical
 to
 the ongoing and future business of such Party, the unauthorized disclosure
 or
 use of which could result in materially adverse technical and/or commercial
 results to that Party whether disclosed in writing, orally or by observation
 (including without limitation by e-mail or other electronic
 communication).

14

D. Any
 Confidential Information disclosed or otherwise disseminated from one Party
 (hereafter, the “Disclosing Party”) to the other Party (hereafter, the
“Receiving Party”) whether such information is conveyed orally or in written
 form (including without limitation by e-mail or other electronic communication)
 or by observation or in any other manner, shall be treated and regarded as
 confidential and proprietary information, which is the exclusive and sole
 property of the Disclosing Party in accordance with the following
 provisions:

1. Each
 Party’s obligations with respect to the Confidential Information of the other
 Party shall apply with respect to any Confidential Information covered by and
 disclosed in accordance with the terms of this Agreement, the Innovation
 Agreement and the Mutual Non-Disclosure Agreements between the Parties dated
 April 10, 2007, March 16, 2006 and December 21, 2005, which Mutual
 Non-Disclosure Agreements are hereby superseded.

2. All
 Trade Secret Information disclosed or otherwise provided to a Receiving Party
 hereunder after the date of this Agreement shall either (i) be disclosed in
 writing (including electronic documents) bearing a legend or other statement
 that the disclosed information is classified as “Confidential” by the Disclosing
 Party; or (ii) with respect to information provided orally or by providing
 access to restricted areas for observation purposes, subsequently identified
 as
“Confidential” by the Disclosing Party in a written document and provided to the
 Receiving Party within thirty (30) days of disclosure. All product
 and ingredient formulas and production processes of one Party received by the
 other Party relating to the Products shall be deemed Trade Secrets unless
 otherwise explicitly specified by the Disclosing Party at the time of the
 disclosure. The Parties agree to work through the Research Committee
 with respect to disclosure of Trade Secrets pertaining to the Innovation
 Agreement in accordance with the terms of the Innovation
 Agreement. If the Receiving Party disagrees with the identification
 of a Trade Secret set forth in any Disclosing Party documentation, it shall
 raise such issue with the Research Committee as defined in the Innovation
 Agreement and the Research Committee shall revise the identification as may
 be
 necessary to satisfy both the Disclosing Party and the Receiving Party
 consistent with the collaborative spirit of the Innovation
 Agreement. Proprietary Information may also bear a legend or other
 statement classifying the information as “CONFIDENTIAL” but such designation
 will not cause such Proprietary Information to be treated as Trade Secret
 Information.

3. In
 addition to the foregoing obligations with respect to treatment of Confidential
 Information, the Parties shall also comply with any protocols, conditions and
 other restrictions imposed by the Research Committee with respect to handling,
 retention and dissemination of Confidential Information of a Party, including
 any procedures intended to facilitate return of such Confidential Information
 to
 the Disclosing Party.

4. A
 Receiving Party shall keep all Confidential Information received from a
 Disclosing Party strictly confidential and secret and shall not divulge,
 communicate or transmit such Confidential Information to any other
 Persons. A Receiving Party shall permit disclosure of such
 Confidential Information only to such of its directors, officers, employees,
 contractors (other than competitors of the Disclosing Party), and advisors
 who
 need such information for the purpose of implementing this Agreement and the
 agreements which are exhibits hereto, provided that such Persons are subject
 to
 confidentiality and use restrictions equivalent to those contained
 herein. If a Receiving Party desires to share Confidential
 Information with a Person outside of the scope of this Agreement, it shall
 first
 obtain the consent of the Disclosing Party. A Receiving Party shall
 use at least such efforts to maintain the confidentiality of such
 Confidential

15

Information
 as it uses to protect the confidentiality of its own Confidential Information,
 but in no event shall a Receiving Party use less than commercially reasonable
 efforts to maintain such confidentiality. Callebaut agrees that
 Hershey’s proprietary flavors and essences disclosed pursuant to the April 10,
 2007 Mutual Non-Disclosure Agreement shall be considered to be Trade Secret
 Information and it will not chemically analyze, reverse engineer and disassemble
 such flavors and essences. Callebaut acknowledges that the formulas
 and non-public processes disclosed in connection with Callebaut’s production of
 semi-sweet chocolate chips for sale to Hershey are Hershey Trade
 Secrets.

5. A
 Receiving Party shall not utilize Trade Secret Information it has received
 from
 a Disclosing Party in any manner, except for the limited purposes authorized
 in
 this Agreement or the agreements which are Exhibits hereto, provided that
 Confidential Information that is an Innovation shall be treated in accordance
 with the provisions of the Innovation Agreement. Otherwise,
 Proprietary Information, which is not an Innovation, may be freely used but
 not
 disclosed except as otherwise permitted hereunder by the Parties.

6. These
 obligations of confidentiality and restrictions on use of Confidential
 Information shall survive the termination or expiration of this Agreement for
 a
 period of five (5) years, except for Trade Secret Information which shall remain
 subject to obligations of confidentiality and restrictions on use
 indefinitely. Upon the later of (i) the termination or expiration of
 this Agreement and (ii) the termination or expiration of a Receiving Party’s
 authorization to use specific Confidential Information, the Receiving Party
 shall return all documents and other materials containing Confidential
 Information that were disclosed by the Disclosing Party to the Disclosing Party
 together with all copies and other embodiments thereof or otherwise dispose
 of
 such documents and materials (including without limitation deletion or
 destruction of electronic data) in accordance with the Disclosing Party’s
 written direction. In the event of inadvertent disclosure of Trade
 Secret Information, the Disclosing Party shall have the right and obligation
 to
 promptly request return of such Trade Secret Information and the Receiving
 Party
 shall use reasonable efforts to promptly collect and return all such Trade
 Secret Information.

7. The
 obligations herein concerning Confidential information of the Parties under
 this
 Agreement shall not pertain to information which: (i) is generally known to
 the
 public at the time of its disclosure or becomes generally available to the
 public at any time thereafter, (ii) is disclosed to the Receiving Party by
 a
 third party who has the right to disclose such information, (iii) was known
 to
 the Receiving Party prior to its disclosure under this Agreement, or (iv) is
 independently developed by the Receiving Party without use of the Disclosing
 Party's Confidential Information.

8. In
 the event of a breach or threatened breach of the provisions of this Section
 7,
 the non-breaching Party shall be entitled to an injunction restraining the
 breaching Party from disclosing, in whole or in part, any of the
 above-referenced information or from rendering any service to any person, firm,
 corporation, association, or other entity to whom such information has been
 disclosed or is threatened to be disclosed. Except as otherwise
 stated in Section 7(D)(9), nothing herein shall be construed as prohibiting
 the
 non-breaching Party from pursuing any other remedies available at law or in
 equity for such breach or threatened breach, including the recovery of
 damages.

16

9. Notwithstanding
 anything else herein, the Parties acknowledge that certain Residual Information
 disclosed as part of the Parties’ collaborative efforts under the Innovation
 Agreement may be retained within their respective companies, including, without
 limitation the minds of employees and data systems, and subsequently used by
 a
 Receiving Party even though the Receiving Party has used its commercially
 reasonable efforts to refrain from using and to destroy or return such Residual
 Information to the Disclosing Party and complied with any protocols, conditions
 and other restrictions imposed by the Research Committee with respect to
 handling, retention and dissemination of Confidential
 Information. The Parties agree that they will not bring any
 legal actions or proceedings against one another arising from such use of
 Residual Information exchanged under the operation of the Innovation
 Agreement. “Residual Information” shall mean such Confidential
 Information provided from a Disclosing Party which in documentary form
 (including, without limitation, written, graphic or electronic form), is
 retained in the files of a Party after it has used reasonable efforts to locate
 any and all copies and disseminations thereof and which do not on their face
 indicate that they are the Confidential Information of the Disclosing Party,
 and
 such Confidential Information retained in the minds/memories of employees and
 other permissible Persons which Confidential Information has not been
 specifically and intentionally committed to memory.

8.

TERM

A. The
 term of this Agreement shall commence on the date noted on the first page of
 this Agreement and shall expire, unless earlier terminated, on December 31,
 2022. The term of this Agreement may be extended or renewed at any
 time as agreed in writing by the Parties.

B. Terms
 for each of the Related Agreements are defined therein and may vary from the
 term of this Agreement.

9.

TERMINATION

A. Either
 Party shall be entitled to terminate this Agreement at any time within 60 days
 of the occurrence of any of the following: (i) if the other Party files a
 voluntary petition in bankruptcy, is declared bankrupt, makes an assignment
 for
 the benefit of creditors or suffers the appointment of a receiver or a trustee
 of its assets, (ii) if the other Party breaches the conditions of Section 7
 in a
 material manner which results in Losses for the non-breaching Party or (iii)
 as
 set forth in Section 16.

B. In
 addition, Hershey shall be entitled to terminate this Agreement at any time
 within 60 days of the occurrence of any of the following:

1. a
 material breach by Callebaut of the conditions of Section 5A;

2. Callebaut’s
 failure to address a significant disruption in the supply or quality of
 Products;

3. the
 disposition by Callebaut, in whole or in part, of its business (other than
 to
 its one or more of Affiliates) and such disposal materially affects the ability
 of Callebaut to duly perform under this Agreement or any Related Agreement;
 or

4. a
 direct or indirect change of control in the legal or beneficial ownership of
 Callebaut and such change of control is in favor of:

17

(a)

one
 of Hershey’s direct competitors as set forth on Exhibit D, or those
 successors or assigns to those competitive
 businesses;

(b)

a
 person or entity that might reasonably bring Hershey into disrepute;
 or

(c)

a
 person or entity whose financial standing and/or past and/or present
 business practices presents Hershey, based on Hershey's reasonable
 determination, with significant risk in connection with this
 Agreement.

C. Upon
 any termination of this Agreement, each Related Agreement shall also terminate,
 unless the Parties otherwise agree in writing.

10.

INDEPENDENT
 CONTRACTORS

Nothing
 in this Agreement or any Related Agreement is intended or shall be deemed to
 constitute a partnership, agency, employer/employee or joint venture
 relationship between the Parties. Neither Party shall be deemed to be
 or to have been acting on the behalf of the other Party by reason of any action
 hereunder or under any Related Agreement. All activities by the
 Parties hereunder or under any Related Agreement shall be preformed by them
 as
 independent contractors. Neither Party shall incur any debt or make
 any commitment for or on behalf of the other Party, except to the extent
 specifically required hereby or by the provisions of a Related
 Agreement.

11.

REPRESENTATIONS
 AND WARRANTIES

A. Callebaut's
 Representations. Callebaut hereby represents and warrants to
 Hershey that the following are true and correct as of the effective date of
 this
 Agreement.

1. Callebaut
 has full power to execute and perform its obligations under this Agreement,
 to
 perform the covenants and transactions contemplated hereby, and, without
 limitation, to grant Hershey the rights defined in the Product Development
 and
 Innovation Agreement of even date herewith;

2. Callebaut
 is not a party to, nor will it become a party to during the Term, any agreement
 which restricts or otherwise is in conflict with the terms of this
 Agreement;

3. all
 corporate action on the part of Callebaut, its officers and directors necessary
 for the authorization, execution and delivery of this Agreement and the
 performance of all obligations of Callebaut hereunder have been taken;
 and

4. this
 Agreement constitutes a valid and legally binding obligation of Callebaut
 enforceable in accordance with its terms.

B. Hershey's
 Representations. Hershey hereby represents and warrants to
 Callebaut that the following are true and correct as of the effective date
 of
 this Agreement:

1. Hershey
 has full power to execute and perform its obligations under this Agreement
 and
 to perform the covenants and transactions contemplated hereby;

2. Hershey
 is not a party to, nor will it become a party to during the Term, any agreement
 which restricts or otherwise is in conflict with the terms of this
 Agreement;

18

3. all
 corporate action on the part of Hershey, its officers and directors, necessary
 for the authorization, execution and delivery of this Agreement and the
 performance of all obligations of Hershey hereunder have been taken;
 and

4. this
 Agreement constitutes a valid and legally binding obligation of Hershey
 enforceable in accordance with its terms.

12.

INDEMNIFICATION

A. Callebaut
 shall defend and indemnify Hershey and its Affiliates, and their respective
 officers, directors, employees, agents, successors and permitted assigns (each
 a
“Hershey Indemnitee”; it being understood that Hershey constitutes a Hershey
 Indemnitee), against all Losses arising out of, caused by, happening in
 connection with or otherwise related to this Agreement or any Related Agreement
 and the work performed by Callebaut or any of its Affiliates hereunder or
 thereunder, including, but not limited to, Callebaut's manufacture, loading,
 transportation, unloading, storage, handling, packaging or use of the Hershey
 Raw Materials, the Callebaut Raw Materials and/or any Products except, however,
 when caused:

1. by
 the action or inaction of any Hershey Indemnitee;

2. by
 Callebaut's reliance on and adherence to the Hershey Specifications or written
 directions provided by Hershey; or

3. by
 the use of Hershey Raw Materials which were defective at the time of delivery
 to
 Callebaut.

B. Callebaut
 further acknowledges and agrees, to the maximum extent permitted by applicable
 law, to indemnify and defend each Hershey Indemnitee against losses in the
 form
 of fines, penalties and assessments resulting from Callebaut’s breach of the
 terms of this Agreement or any Related Agreement, or the violation of any law,
 regulation and/or ordinance directly or indirectly relating to Callebaut's
 performance of this Agreement or any Related Agreement.

C. Hershey
 shall have the right, but not the duty, to participate, at its own cost, in
 the
 defense of any relevant claim or litigation with attorneys of Hershey's
 selection.

D. Hershey
 shall defend and indemnify Callebaut and its Affiliates, and their respective
 officers, directors, employees, agents, successors and permitted assigns (each
 a
“Callebaut Indemnitee”; it being understood that Callebaut constitutes a
 Callebaut Indemnitee), against all Losses arising out of, caused by, happening
 in connection with or otherwise related to:

1. the
 action or inaction of any Hershey Indemnitee;

2. Callebaut's
 reliance on and adherence to the Hershey Specifications or written directions
 provided by any Hershey Indemnitee;

3. the
 use of Hershey Raw Materials ingredients which were defective when made
 available to Callebaut; or

4. any
 breach by Hershey or any Affiliate of Hershey of this Agreement or any Related
 Agreement.

E. Callebaut
 shall have the right, but not the duty, to participate, at its own cost, in
 the
 defense of any claim or litigation with attorneys of Callebaut's
 selection.

19

F. Anything
 contained in this Agreement or any Related Agreement to the contrary
 notwithstanding, neither Party hereto shall have any liability under any
 provision of this Agreement or any Related Agreement (whether pursuant to this
 Section 12 or pursuant to any cause of action or complaint initiated by or
 on
 behalf of any Party) for any punitive or special damages, loss of business
 reputation, or 50% of lost future profit, regardless of whether the
 relevant claim is based on warranty, contract, tort (including negligence or
 strict liability) or otherwise. Each Party hereto agrees to take all
 reasonable action to mitigate any Losses it may suffer or incur upon and after
 becoming aware of any event which could reasonably be expected to give rise
 to
 any Losses.

G. Callebaut’s
 and Hershey’s indemnification obligations shall survive the termination or
 expiration of this Agreement and any Related Agreement.

13.

FORCE
 MAJEURE

In
 the
 event that either Party shall be totally or partially unable to fulfill one
 or
 more of its obligations hereunder or under any Related Agreement as a result
 of
 acts or occurrences beyond the control of the Party affected, such as, but
 not
 limited to, actions, omissions or impositions by local, state, provincial,
 federal or national government authorities, fire, flood, earthquake, or other
 natural disaster, acts of God, act of terrorism or revolution or labor unrest,
 the Party so affected shall be totally or partially relieved from fulfilling
 its
 contract obligations during the period of such force majeure. In
 connection with any such force majeure event, the affected Party shall notify
 the other Party of the circumstances thereof as soon as reasonably possible
 and
 shall propose alternatives to the Steering Committee. In addition, if
 such force majeure event shall continue for a period of 90 days or longer,
 then
 the other Party shall be entitled to terminate this Agreement or the relevant
 Related Agreement, as applicable, at any time thereafter during which such
 event
 is continuing.

14.

NOTICE

Any
 notice or other writing required or permitted to be given under this Agreement
 or any Related Agreement, except for the separate notice provisions set forth
 in
 the Innovation Agreement, (referred to in this Section 14 as a “notice”) shall
 be deemed duly given if delivered personally (including by recognized delivery
 device), or sent by prepaid, registered mail, or transmitted by fax or other
 form of recorded communication tested prior to transmission to the address
 of
 the applicable Party set out above, if to Hershey to the attention of Senior
 Director, Global Manufacturing Alliances, fax no. 717-534-8232 with a copy
 to
 Legal Counsel, fax no. 717-534-7549, and if to Callebaut to the attention of
 the
 President, North America, fax no. 312-329-7643, with a copy to the Chief
 Financial Officer, North America, fax no. 312-329-7643. Either Party
 may change the address for notice by notifying the other Party in the manner
 provided in this Section 14. Any notice which is personally delivered
 shall be deemed to have been given and received on the day it is so delivered,
 unless such day is not a business day, in which case it will be deemed delivered
 on the next business day. Any notice which is mailed in the manner
 provided for in this Section 14 shall be deemed to have been given and received
 on the 5th
 business day following the date of its mailing. Any notice
 transmitted by fax or other form of recorded communications shall be deemed
 given and received on the 1st business
 day after
 its transmission.

20

15.

 NO
 WAIVER

The
 failure of either Party to assert a right hereunder or any Related Agreement
 or
 to insist upon compliance with any terms or conditions of this Agreement or
 any
 Related Agreement shall not constitute a waiver of that right or excuse the
 subsequent performance or nonperformance of any term or condition by the other
 Party.

16.

ASSIGNMENTS

A. This
 Agreement will be assignable to a successor in interest of substantially all
 of
 a Party’s assets, subject to Hershey’s termination rights set forth in Section
 9. All other assignments will be subject to the prior written consent
 of the non-assigning Party hereto.

B. Callebaut
 shall not subcontract the performance of its obligations hereunder or under
 any
 Related Agreement, or permit any other arrangement having similar effect, in
 any
 event other than to an Affiliate of Callebaut, without obtaining the prior
 written consent of Hershey.

17.

GOVERNING
 LAW

This
 Agreement shall be governed and construed in accordance with the laws (excluding
 the conflict of laws rules thereof) of the State of New York. Each
 Party hereto agrees to submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of the Courts of
 the
 Southern District of New York with respect to this Agreement.

18.

REAL
 ESTATE AGREEMENTS

The
 Parties agree to negotiate in good faith with respect to the Real Estate
 Agreements, such negotiation to begin as soon as practical following execution
 of this Agreement. In the event the Parties fail to execute the Real
 Estate Agreements before August 31, 2007 either Party may terminate this
 Agreement (which will also result in the termination of all previously executed
 Related Agreements) and upon any such termination neither Party shall have
 any
 further liability to the other with respect to this Agreement or any Related
 Agreement.

19.

ENTIRE
 AGREEMENT AND HEADINGS

This
 Agreement and the Related Agreements constitute the entire agreement between
 the
 Parties with respect to the subject matter hereof and thereof, and any prior
 or
 contemporaneous agreements or understandings related thereto (including the
 Product Purchase and Supply Agreement between the Parties dated December 4,
 2006
 and any letters of intent or confidentiality agreements) are deemed superseded
 hereby. Neither this Agreement nor any Related Agreement may be
 amended except by an instrument in writing duly executed on behalf of the Party
 against which such amendment is sought to be enforced. All headings
 utilized herein are inserted for reference only and shall have no effect on
 the
 meaning or construction of any terms of this Agreement.

20.

CONFLICTING
 TERMS

The
 terms
 of this Agreement shall supersede and take precedence over any conflicting
 terms
 found in any Related Agreement or any purchase order or invoice issued by either
 Party.

21

21. 

 PREPRINTED
 TERMS

In
 no
 event shall any preprinted terms or conditions found on either Party’s purchase
 orders, invoices or other preprinted forms be considered an amendment or
 modification of this Agreement or any Related Agreement. Such preprinted terms
 or conditions, to the extent in conflict with this Agreement or any Related
 Agreement, shall be considered null and of no effect.

22.

BINDING
 EFFECT

The
 rights created by this Agreement shall inure to the benefit of, and the
 obligations created hereby shall be binding upon, the Parties and their
 respective successors and permitted assigns.

IN
 WITNESS WHEREOF, each of the Parties hereto has executed this Agreement by
 its
 duly authorized representatives as of the date and year first above
 written.

BARRY
 CALLEBAUT, AG

By /s/
 Patrick De Maeseneire

Name:
 Patrick De Maeseneire

Title: Chief
 Executive Officer

THE
 HERSHEY COMPANY

By 
 /s/ Burton H. Snyder 

Name:
 Burton H. Snyder

Title: Senior
 Vice President,

 General
 Counsel & Secretary

22