EX-10.33
4
sonoma_ex1033.htm
DISTRIBUTION AGREEMENT

Exhibit 10.33

Execution Copy

D I S T R I B U T I O N A G R E E M E N
T

between

G. Pohl-Boskamp GmbH & Co. KG

Kieler Strasse 11

25551 Hohenlockstedt

Germany

- Hereinafter referred
to as “Pohl-Boskamp”-

and

IntraDerm Pharmaceuticals,

A Division of Oculus Innovative
Sciences, Inc.

1129 North McDowell Blvd.

Petaluma, California 94954

United States of America

- Hereinafter referred
to as “IntraDerm ” –

- Pohl-Boskamp and IntraDerm referred to as “Party”-

Preamble

Subject to the
terms and conditions of this Distribution Agreement (the “Agreement”), Pohl-Boskamp intends to appoint a new
distributor for the Territory as defined in § 3 hereinafter.

IntraDerm is willing to become a distributor
for Pohl-Boskamp, like both Parties have stipulated already in the corresponding Term sheet from 12th November, resp.
2nd December 2015.

Now, therefore,
the Parties agree upon the following terms and conditions:

CONFIDENTIAL

Distribution Agreement Pohl-Boskamp J. IntraDerm, OCLS, 12/Apr/2016, page 1 of 30

§ 1

Object of the
Agreement

 1.1 Pohl-Boskamp
 hereby appoints IntraDerm, and IntraDerm hereby accepts the appointment, as Pohl-Boskamp´s
 exclusive distributor to import, register, label, promote, market, offer for sale, sell
 and otherwise distribute the Products as defined in § 2 in the Territory as defined
 in § 3. IntraDerm shall not actively market the Products anywhere elsewhere than
 in the Territory.

 1.2 IntraDerm
 shall seek to secure one or more Marketing Authorisations and/or register new products
 in the Territory for use as provided under this Agreement. IntraDerm agrees to buy the
 Products which are destined for distribution in the Territory exclusively and directly
 from Pohl-Boskamp on the terms and subject to the conditions set forth herein.

 1.3 Pohl-Boskamp
 shall label and supply and IntraDerm shall import and buy the Products as defined in
 § 2 in its own name and for its own account. IntraDerm shall sell such Products
 in the Territory, subject to obtaining appropriate Marketing Authorisation. IntraDerm
 acknowledges that it has no authority to act for or on behalf of Pohl-Boskamp unless
 specifically set forth in this Agreement or certified separately in written form.

 1.4 IntraDerm
 is not entitled to entrust third parties with any rights or claims deriving from this
 Agreement without obtaining the prior written consent of Pohl-Boskamp. An affiliate of
 IntraDerm is not regarded as a third party. Affiliate means any corporation or other
 business entity controlling, controlled by or under common control with IntraDerm. Control
 for this purpose shall mean the direct or indirect ownership of at least fifty percent
 of the voting interest in such corporation or entity.

 1.5 As an
 independent contractor, IntraDerm shall incur all expenses and costs related to the fulfilment
 of this Agreement, in particular regarding the registration, marketing, promotion and
 distribution of the Product under this Agreement – such as but not limited to –
 its office overhead costs, travel expenses, telephone, facsimile, sales promotion and
 advertising costs. Pohl-Boskamp shall not be responsible for such expenses unless otherwise
 agreed to by the Parties in writing.

 1.6 During
 the term of this Agreement, Pohl-Boskamp agrees to not distribute the Products, directly
 or indirectly, in the Territory either by actively approaching customers directly, by
 appointing any third party to distribute the Products in the Territory, or otherwise,
 unless otherwise agreed to by Pohl-Boskamp and IntraDerm in writing or otherwise agreed
 in this Agreement. Pohl-Boskamp agrees to forward to IntraDerm all inquiries for Products
 from the Territory or for delivery in the Territory. Except as expressly provided in
 this Agreement, no right, title or interest is granted by Pohl-Boskamp to IntraDerm.

CONFIDENTIAL

Distribution Agreement Pohl-Boskamp J. IntraDerm, OCLS, 12/Apr/2016, page 2 of 30

 1.7 Notwithstanding
 the provisions of § 1.1 hereof, in order to maintain the exclusivity granted in
 § 1.1 above, IntraDerm shall achieve at least [ ]†%
 of the projected sales targets set forth on ANNEX III (the “Annual Minimum Purchase
 Requirements”). However, if IntraDerm fails to achieve the Annual Minimum Purchase
 Requirement during any calendar year and does not purchase the outstanding quantity of
 Products by the end of the following calendar year, Pohl-Boskamp shall have the right
 by providing written notice to IntraDerm to convert the exclusive distribution right
 granted in § 1.1 into a non-exclusive right and shall have the right itself, through
 Affiliates or by appointing one or more third parties, to import, promote, market, offer
 for sale or otherwise distribute the Products in the Territory.

§
2

 Products

The term “Products”
refers to all products (whether finished or bulk) listed in ANNEX I (“Products”) as presently manufactured
and sold by Pohl-Boskamp, or as improved as provided in this § 2. Changes to ANNEX I are subject to a written agreement between
the Parties. Products added to ANNEX I will become “Products” within the meaning of this Agreement and will be covered
by this Agreement.

The
Parties recognize that Pohl-Boskamp has an interest in improving its products in order to provide to its customers the most advanced
devices. In the event that, during the term of this Agreement Pohl-Boskamp develops improvements to the Products that are incremental
and do not form the basis of a new product, such improvements will be included in the Products, as long as the change does not
adversely affect the Marketing Authorisation. In the event that, during the term of this Agreement, Pohl-Boskamp develops or has
the right to market, an improvement such as an additional indication and/or a change of the formulation of any Product that is
suitable for the Territory (hereinafter, the “Improvement”), and Pohl-Boskamp intends to exploit the Improvement
in the Territory, for each such Improvement IntraDerm shall have the right of first refusal for a period of [ ]†
days in case Pohl-Boskamp would wish to name a separate
distributor. The Parties agree to negotiate in good faith commercially reasonable terms for distribution by IntraDerm of the new
product that is subject of any such Improvement. For the purpose of this Agreement, any product that has the same active ingredient
as a Product, or is intended for the same or substantially the same purpose or use as any Product listed on or contemplated by
ANNEX I shall be deemed an Improvement.

† Confidential material redacted and separately filed with the
Commission.

CONFIDENTIAL

Distribution Agreement Pohl-Boskamp J. IntraDerm, OCLS, 12/Apr/2016, page 3 of 30

§
3

 Territory

The “Territory”
is the geographical area listed in ANNEX II.

§ 4

Duties of IntraDerm
/ Representations of IntraDerm

 4.1 IntraDerm
 shall exert commercially diligent efforts to register, promote, market, distribute and
 sell the Products in the Territory.

 4.2 IntraDerm
 shall pay Pohl-Boskamp a royalty within [ ]† days following the end of each calendar
 month, based on Net Sales of all Products for which payment was received by IntraDerm
 in such previous calendar month, at the rates specified on ANNEX I.

 4.3 IntraDerm further undertakes:

 a) to
 maintain at all times a sales organisation including, a sufficient number of qualified
 personnel (employees or contractors) in the reasonable, good faith determination of IntraDerm,
 within the Territory in order to perform its obligations under this Agreement;

 b) to
always have quantities of the Products in stock or confirmed orders sufficient to cover a period of [ ]† months of foreseeable sales to meet the requirements of the market in the Territory;

 c) to
 report to Pohl-Boskamp on a monthly basis its total stocks, turn-over figures, unit sales
 and sample movements as well as any significant issues that have an impact on the market
 for the Product in the Territory, especially with regard to competitive products and
 the price structure for Products in the Territory and any changes thereof. Monthly reports
 have to reach Pohl-Boskamp by the tenth (10th) day of each following month;

 d) to
 take the appropriate advertising and public relation measures as specified in § 9
 below;

 e) to
 use commercially reasonable efforts to buy from Pohl-Boskamp the Annual Minimum Purchase
 Requirements of Products;

 f) to
 inform Pohl-Boskamp in writing as soon as possible about any substantial operational
 changes in personnel, management, ownership, and legal structure of IntraDerm;

† Confidential material redacted and separately filed with the
Commission.

CONFIDENTIAL

Distribution Agreement Pohl-Boskamp J. IntraDerm, OCLS, 12/Apr/2016, page 4 of 30

 g) to
 sell the Products with the labelling agreed to by the Parties in the original packaging
 and/or presentation and not to modify the original presentations except in exceptional
 cases and then only with the prior written consent of Pohl-Boskamp in writing.

 h) to
 provide Pohl-Boskamp within thirty (30) days after receipt by IntraDerm of the initial
 Marketing Authorisation Sales Targets (as defined on ANNEX III) for the Products
 for each Contract Year (as defined on ANNEX III) during the Initial Term, and
 within thirty (30) days prior to the end of Contract Year 5 (as defined on ANNEX III)
 and each Contract Year thereafter, to provide Pohl-Boskamp with target sales projections
 for the following Contract Year. IntraDerm’s initial Sales Targets are set forth
 on ANNEX III. The Parties further agree that the wording of the SebDerm Claim
 will have a material impact on the marketability of the Product. IntraDerm shall update
 such Sales Targets after it obtains the 510k clearance for the SebDerm Claim (as defined
 on ANNEX III), and such Sales Targets and Minimum Purchase Requirements, as modified,
 shall be binding on the Parties.

 i) about
 the laws and regulations applicable to the Products in the Territory which may affect
 Pohl-Boskamp in the fulfilment of its obligations under this Agreement (such as but not
 limited to statutory requirements regarding labelling of the Products, etc.).

 4.4
 During
the term of this Agreement IntraDerm is not allowed to

 a) produce,
 promote, distribute, sell or market in the Territory – either directly nor indirectly
 – products which have the same ingredients and indications as the Products, except
 for the products listed under § 5.1; and/or

 b) actively
 solicit customers from outside the Territory to establish and/or maintain offices, branches
 and/or storage depots for the Products outside the Territory.

 4.5 Upon
 termination of this Agreement, Pohl-Boskamp is, at the request of IntraDerm, obliged
 to buy any remaining stock of the Products from IntraDerm within [ ]†
 days after termination. However, upon request of Pohl-Boskamp,
 IntraDerm must resell any remaining stock of the Products to Pohl-Boskamp, or any third
 party named by Pohl-Boskamp at the price for which IntraDerm had initially bought the
 Products from Pohl-Boskamp. Pohl-Boskamp shall pay the shipping costs of the remaining
 stock of the Products.

† Confidential material redacted and separately filed with the
Commission.

CONFIDENTIAL

Distribution Agreement Pohl-Boskamp J. IntraDerm, OCLS, 12/Apr/2016, page 5 of 30

 4.6 IntraDerm
 represents that it adheres to and employs all applicable European GDP guideline standards
 for the wholesale distribution of medicinal products for human use and that it retains
 valid certifications and/or licenses to distribute the Products listed in ANNEX I of
 this Agreement, other than the Marketing Authorisation. Upon Pohl-Boskamp’s request,
 IntraDerm shall provide copies of such certification to Pohl-Boskamp in a timely manner.

 4.7 IntraDerm
 further represents and warrants to Pohl-Boskamp that: (i) it has the full right, power,
 and authority to enter into this Agreement; and (ii) no consent of any third parties
 is required for IntraDerm to enter into this Agreement or (except for the Marketing Authorisation)
 perform its obligations hereunder.

 4.8 IntraDerm
 shall indemnify and hold harmless Pohl-Boskamp, its Affiliates and their respective officers,
 directors, agents, successors and assigns against all suits, liabilities, losses, claims,
 damages, costs and expenses (including reasonable legal fees and costs) incurred by them
 resulting from or arising out of: (i) any material breach by IntraDerm of its obligations
 under this Agreement, including, without limitation, the obligations of § 9.3; (ii)
 any grossly negligent, wilful or unlawful act or omission of IntraDerm; and (iii) any
 injury or death of any person, directly arising from damages alleged to arise from the
 storage, labelling, sale or distribution of the Products in the Territory.

§ 5

Distribution
of Other Products

 5.1 At the
 time of signing this Agreement, IntraDerm produces, promotes, markets, distributes and/or
 sells the following products which are directly competitive with the Products and which
 contain the following active ingredient(s):

NONE

Without limiting
the generality of the foregoing, a product will be deemed to be directly competitive with a Product if it is intended for the
same, or substantially the same purpose or use as any of the Products.

 5.2 Further
 exemptions from the regulation in § 4.4 of this Agreement are only admissible if
 Pohl-Boskamp gives its consent, in writing, prior to the commencement of the production,
 promotion, marketing, distribution and/or sale of products which are competitive to the
 Products.

CONFIDENTIAL

Distribution Agreement Pohl-Boskamp J. IntraDerm, OCLS, 12/Apr/2016, page 6 of 30

§ 6

 Purchase of Products / Obligations
and Representations of Pohl-Boskamp

 6.1 IntraDerm
 agrees to purchase the Products on the terms and subject to the conditions of Pohl-Boskamp’s
 General Terms and Conditions of Trade unless they are modified by this Agreement. Pohl-Boskamp’s
 current ‘General Terms and Condition of Trade’ are attached hereto as ANNEX
 IV. Pohl-Boskamp has the right to unilaterally change its ‘General Terms and Conditions
 of Trade’, provided, however, that any such change shall not modify the terms and
 conditions of this Agreement without the prior written consent of IntraDerm. Pohl-Boskamp
 will notify IntraDerm of any changes to the General Terms and Conditions of Trade in
 writing, and the new ‘General Terms and Conditions of Trade’ will become
 effective three (3) months after the initial notification from Pohl-Boskamp. In case
 any provision of this Agreement conflicts with or provides obligations in addition to
 any of the provisions of the ‘General Terms and Conditions of Trade,’ the
 provisions of this Agreement shall control.

 6.2 IntraDerm
 shall submit written purchase orders to Pohl-Boskamp for the Products. Each purchase
 order shall include (i) the Product ordered; (ii) quantity, (iii) relevant price, as
 set forth on ANNEX I, (iv) requested delivery date, and (v) shipping instructions and
 shipping address. Any preprinted terms and conditions on either IntraDerm’s purchase
 order or Pohl-Boskamp’s order acknowledgement and/or invoice that are inconsistent
 with the terms and conditions of this Agreement shall have no force or effect, and the
 terms of this Agreement shall govern.

 6.3 The
 purchase price for the Products are listed in ANNEX I. Pohl-Boskamp shall have the right
 to increase the purchase price for Products one time each year beginning on the one-
 year anniversary of the First Commercial Sale; provided, however, that no purchase price
 increase shall exceed [ ]†%
 of the purchase price effectively immediately prior to the increase. 

 6.4 The delivery
 terms for the Products are listed in ANNEX I

 6.5 Under
 this Agreement, Pohl-Boskamp will exert best efforts to carry out IntraDerm’s orders
 carefully and punctually. The scope of the orders and the delivery date are only binding
 for Pohl-Boskamp upon written confirmation by Pohl-Boskamp. Should Pohl-Boskamp not be
 able to execute a confirmed order in time, it will notify IntraDerm immediately. Pohl-Boskamp
 shall pack all Products in accordance with Pohl-Boskamp’s standard packing procedure,
 cGMP(s) and any other applicable laws, regulations and ordinances.

 6.6 Pohl-Boskamp
 shall label the Products using the Product Trademark specified on Annex I and under a
 labelling using IntraDerm / OCULUS branding, which labelling is mutually acceptable to
 Pohl-Boskamp and IntraDerm and compliant with the requirements of the Marketing Authorisation
 and Health Authorities.

† Confidential material redacted and separately filed with the
Commission.

CONFIDENTIAL

Distribution Agreement Pohl-Boskamp J. IntraDerm, OCLS, 12/Apr/2016, page 7 of 30

 6.7 Pohl-Boskamp
 shall invoice IntraDerm upon shipment of each purchase order to IntraDerm. IntraDerm
 shall pay all amounts due to Pohl-Boskamp by wire transfer, and payment shall be made
 within thirty (30) days from the date of the relevant invoice.

 6.8 IntraDerm
 determines its sales price for the Products within the Territory at its own discretion.
 Pohl-Boskamp, however, will give a non-binding recommendation on the sales price for
 the Products which will be discussed with IntraDerm. IntraDerm undertakes to notify Pohl-Boskamp
 of its sales prices and to provide Pohl-Boskamp with a corresponding price list if its
 sales prices are changed.

 6.9 Any
 claim of IntraDerm concerning Pohl-Boskamp’s deliveries of the Products shall be
 considered by Pohl-Boskamp only if Pohl-Boskamp receives such claim by registered mail,
 facsimile with confirmed letter or courier service within thirty (30) days after IntraDerm
 received the Products or within thirty (30) days after discovery of any hidden defects
 of the Products.

 6.10 Based
 on the sales forecast figures provided by IntraDerm as stipulated in § 4.2 h, Pohl-Boskamp
 warrants to have packaging material in stock.

 6.11 Pohl-Boskamp
 represents and warrants to IntraDerm that: (i) it is the owner of the Intellectual Property
 and that it has the right to grant the licenses and rights granted to IntraDerm pursuant
 to this Agreement; (ii) it has the full right, power, and authority to enter into this
 Agreement and there is nothing that will prevent it from performing its obligations under
 this Agreement; (iii) no consent of any third party is required for Pohl-Boskamp to enter
 into this Agreement or perform its obligations hereunder; (iv) the Products will, under
 normal use and conditions, substantially conform to the applicable Product specifications
 for a period in conformity with the applicable Product label claims regarding shelf-life
 and that the Product has been manufactured in accordance and compliance with current
 Good Manufacturing Practices and all applicable laws and regulations; (v) the Products
 supplied to IntraDerm shall at all times conform to the specifications set forth in the
 Marketing Authorisation; (vi) use of the Intellectual Property as delivered to IntraDerm
 does not infringe any patent, trademark, copyright or other intellectual property rights
 of any third party or misappropriate any trade secret or other proprietary right of any
 third party; (vii) it is not a party to any outstanding assignments, licenses, encumbrances,
 or other obligations that preclude or are inconsistent with this Agreement, specifically
 including, but not limited to, any geographic or market segment restrictions on the distribution
 of the Products and the Intellectual Property incorporated therein; (viii) no claims
 or suits are pending or threatened against Pohl-Boskamp or any other party with respect
 to all or part of the Intellectual Property.

CONFIDENTIAL

Distribution Agreement Pohl-Boskamp J. IntraDerm, OCLS, 12/Apr/2016, page 8 of 30

 6.12 Pohl-Boskamp
 shall indemnify and hold harmless IntraDerm, its Affiliates and their respective officers,
 directors, agents, successors and assigns against all suits, liabilities, losses, claims,
 damages, costs and expenses (including reasonable legal fees and costs) incurred by them
 resulting from or arising out of: (i) any negligence in the manufacture of the Products;
 (ii) any breach by Pohl-Boskamp of its obligations under this Agreement; any grossly
 negligent, wilful or unlawful act or omission of Pohl-Boskamp; or (iii) any injury or
 death of any person, directly arising from damages alleged to arise from the quality
 and manufacture of the products.

§ 7

Marketing Authorisation

 7.1 For
 the term of this Agreement, Pohl-Boskamp grants to IntraDerm the right to utilise Pohl-Boskamp’s
 Marketing Authorisations (as defined below) for the Medical Devices in the Territory
 for the fulfilment of IntraDerm’s obligations under this Agreement. For purposes
 of this Agreement, “Marketing Authorisations” means the health registrations,
 as well as any other governmental approvals and/or official sales permissions, licenses
 and market authorisation in IntraDerm’s or Pohl-Boskamp’s name, which are
 required for the import, labelling, distribution, promotion, marketing, offering for
 sale, and sale of the Products in the Territory.

 7.2 IntraDerm
 agrees to assist Pohl-Boskamp in securing one or more Marketing Authorisations and/or
 registering new products in the Territory, including, initially, a Marketing Authorisation
 for a Product claim for seborrheic dermatitis, and, thereafter, a Marketing Authorisation
 for a Product claim for psoriasis. IntraDerm shall give Pohl-Boskamp advice on the set
 of necessary Marketing Authorisation documents as required by the applicable laws in
 the Territory, and Pohl-Boskamp shall, for this purpose, provide to IntraDerm, free of
 charge, the required documents in English against receipt of such information from IntraDerm.

 7.3 No
 later than thirty (30) days following the Effective Date of this Agreement, IntraDerm
 shall submit to Pohl-Boskamp for approval, which approval shall not be unreasonably withheld
 or delayed, a written plan detailing regulatory requirements, including, without limitation
 in respect to the content of the Marketing Authority application, dossiers, and estimated
 time frames for the regulatory approval and registration for the Product claim for seborrheic
 dermatitis in the Territory (“Regulatory Plan”). Pohl-Boskamp shall
 notify IntraDerm not later than thirty (30) days of any request for modification or clarification
 to the Regulatory Plan after Pohl-Boskamp receives the Regulatory Plan from IntraDerm
 and provide IntraDerm with consent to submit the application to the competent governmental
 or non governmental entity(ies) in the Territory (“Health Authorities”).
 IntraDerm shall take the steps reasonably necessary and use commercially reasonable efforts
 to secure and obtain from the Health Authorities, and thereafter to maintain the Marketing
 Authorisations for the Product in the name of IntraDerm in accordance with the local
 laws and regulations. Pohl-Boskamp will fully cooperate with IntraDerm in securing and
 maintaining the Marketing Authorisation for the Products in the Territory. If the Health
 Authorities issue a 510K clearance to IntraDerm for a Product claim for seborrheic dermatitis
 that in the good faith judgement of IntraDerm, is sufficiently broad to allow IntraDerm
 to market the Product in the Territory (the “SebDerm Claim”), IntraDerm
 shall seek to obtain a Marketing Authorisation for a Product claim for psoriasis.

CONFIDENTIAL

Distribution Agreement Pohl-Boskamp J. IntraDerm, OCLS, 12/Apr/2016, page 9 of 30

 7.4 In
 addition, IntraDerm undertakes to send a copy of all correspondence with the Health Authorities
 in the Territory regarding the Marketing Authorisations for the Medical Devices to Pohl-Boskamp,
 such as but not limited to approvals, renewals, changes in national texts (Summary of
 Product Characteristics (SmPC), labelling, Patient Information Leaflet (PIL)), requirements
 and all correspondence for maintenance procedure to keep the Marketing Authorisation(s)
 and defined deadlines by Health Authorities. This also includes the information and changes
 concerning officially registered contact persons (e.g. persons responsible for pharmacovigilance
 or scientific service), if required by applicable law. IntraDerm commits to promptly
 forward all this information to Pohl-Boskamp, so that Pohl-Boskamp is able to cope with
 transition periods and deadlines.

 7.5 IntraDerm
 is obliged to keep itself informed at all times of the national laws concerning the application
 for and maintenance
 of the marketing authorisation(s) for the Medical Devices in the Territory in particular
 regarding the wording on the packaging in a local language as required by local laws
 of the Territory. IntraDerm shall promptly inform Pohl-Boskamp of any material change
 of the laws which may endanger the validity of the Marketing Authorisations. IntraDerm
 shall provide Pohl-Bokamp the relevant requirements and Pohl-Boskamp shall ensure compliance
 of the presentation of the Medical Devices, e.g. the packaging and labelling of
 the Products (SmPC, labelling, PIL), with the Marketing Authorisation and the legal requirements
 that are applicable in the Territory.

 7.6 If
 any additional documentation such as, but not limited to, a clinical trial or any change
 of the Marketing Authorisation is required in order to obtain or maintain the Marketing
 Authorisation, IntraDerm shall not undertake any action without the express written consent
 of Pohl-Boskamp. Any necessary measures shall be carried out by IntraDerm only upon Pohl-Boskamp’s
 approval. Pohl-Boskamp shall provide assistance free of charge. All other details will
 be agreed upon between the Parties separately in writing.

 7.7 Upon
 termination of this Agreement, IntraDerm is obliged to return all documents in connection
 with the Marketing Authorisation for such Product to Pohl-Boskamp within 30 days by courier
 service at Pohl-Boskamp’s expense, and to refund the Filing Fee to IntraDerm.

 7.8 All
 formalities and steps required by the competent Health Authorities of the Territory in
 relation to the Medical Devices shall be effected by IntraDerm in the name of IntraDerm.

 7.9 Subject
 to Pohl-Boskamp’s refund of the Filing Fee to IntraDerm, IntraDerm hereby agrees
 irrevocably and unconditionally to surrender the Marketing Authorisation and the rights
 connected therewith as well as all documents and the dossier to Pohl-Boskamp immediately
 and unconditionally when the Agreement terminates.

CONFIDENTIAL

Distribution Agreement Pohl-Boskamp J. IntraDerm, OCLS, 12/Apr/2016, page 10 of 30

 7.10 IntraDerm
 shall pay the filing fee for the Marketing Authorisation. All costs incurred by IntraDerm
 in connection with the preparation, filing, maintenance and amendment to the Marketing
 Authorisation for Medical Devices, including the filing fees (the “Filing Fee”)
 and out-of-pocket-expenses, shall be for the account of IntraDerm. Pohl-Boskamp shall
 reimburse IntraDerm for the Filing Fee upon expiration or termination of this Agreement.

 7.11 IntraDerm
 shall arrange for the translation of all documents to/from the official language spoken
 in the Territory which are required for obtaining, maintaining or altering the Marketing
 Authorisation for the Medical Devices. IntraDerm affirms that it has no claim against
 Pohl-Boskamp for compensation or indemnity based on a fruitless registration attempt
 other than for the Filing Fees.

 7.12 IntraDerm
 is not allowed to use any Marketing Authorisation documentation outside the Territory
 and inside the territory for other reasons as stipulated in this Agreement.

 7.13 In
 the event that, due to unforeseen problems concerning the filing of the initial Marketing
 Authorisation (such as but not limited to costs, duration of application process, requests
 of Health Authorities, or failure to obtain clearance for a Satisfactory Claim (as defined
 below) prior to the one year anniversary of the Effective Date, IntraDerm is entitled
 to stop the process of pursuing the Marketing Authorisation for the SebDerm Claim. For
 purposes of this Agreement, a “Satisfactory Claim” is a claim that,
 in the reasonable judgment of IntraDerm, is sufficiently broad to support successful
 commercialization of the Product in the Territory.

 7.14 Pohl-Boskamp
 and IntraDerm stipulate details concerning pharmacovigilance issues in a Pharmacovigilance
 Agreement as ANNEX V of this Agreement.

 7.15 Pohl-Boskamp
 and IntraDerm shall comply with their respective quality and regulatory responsibilities
 as set forth in the Quality Agreement which the Parties will negotiate in good
 faith to conform to the Marketing Authorisation after receipt of such Marketing Authorisation.

CONFIDENTIAL

Distribution Agreement Pohl-Boskamp J. IntraDerm, OCLS, 12/Apr/2016, page 11 of 30

§ 7a

Medical Device
Regulations/Safety

 7a.1 Pohl-Boskamp
 represents and warrants that those Products listed in ANNEX I that are medical
 devices are certified as medical devices pursuant to Council Directive 93/42/EEC, as
 modified to date.

 7a.2 This
 § 7a applies only to Products which are medical devices pursuant to Council Directive
 93/42/EEC (“Medical Devices”).

 7a.3 For
 the term of this Agreement, Pohl-Boskamp grants to IntraDerm the right to utilise in
 the Territory Pohl-Boskamp’s product certifications for Medical Devices in accordance
 with the stipulations of this Agreement. Pohl-Boskamp undertakes to bear all cost and
 expenses associated with any product certification (e.g. declaration of conformity)
 in the Territory.

 7a.4 IntraDerm
 is not allowed to use any certification or any documentation of the Products outside
 the Territory.

 7a.5 IntraDerm
 shall promptly inform, in an appropriate reporting format to be specified in the Pharmacovigilance
 Agreement, which the Parties shall negotiate in good faith after receipt of each Regulatory
 Authorisation and which shall be attached hereto as ANNEX V, the Safety Officer
 for Medical Devices at Pohl-Boskamp by e-mail or fax about any incident and side effect
 as shall be defined in ANNEX V observed with the Products in the Territory during
 and beyond the Term of this Agreement for as long as IntraDerm is marketing the Products
 in the Territory and Pohl-Boskamp and IntraDerm are maintaining business contacts or
 until the end of the shelf-life of the Products depending on which deadline lasts longer.
 Pohl-Boskamp shall promptly inform IntraDerm by email or fax about any incident and side
 effect as shall be defined in ANNEX V observed with the Products outside the Territory
 during the Term of this Agreement. Further details shall be stipulated in ANNEX V.

 7a.6 IntraDerm
 shall be responsible for: (i) the surveillance, receipt, evaluation, and reporting of
 the complaints related to the Products in the Territory as well as of reports on incidents
 and side effects as defined in applicable laws, ordinance and regulations in the Territory
 ANNEX VI (Adverse Events) connected with the Products in the Territory, and (ii)
 investigating the relevant customer complaints and reports on adverse effects with Medical
 Devices and on other information which is relevant for the safety of the Medical Devices
 in the Territory in compliance with applicable laws, ordinances and regulations in the
 Territory. After IntraDerm receives the SubDerm Claim from the FDA, and during the remainder
 of the Term of this Agreement, IntraDerm shall provide Pohl-Boskamp with any reports
 that it files with the governmental or regulatory authorities in the Territory that pertain
 to the Products. Pohl-Boskamp shall comply with the postmarket surveillance aspects of
 the EU Medical Device Directive described in ANNEX VI (Adverse Events) connected with
 the Products in the Territory. Pohl-Boskamp shall be responsible for revising the Medical
 Device’s labelling for use in the Territory.

CONFIDENTIAL

Distribution Agreement Pohl-Boskamp J. IntraDerm, OCLS, 12/Apr/2016, page 12 of 30

 7a.7 Pohl-Boskamp
 is obliged and hereby covenants to fulfil all necessary measures to allow IntraDerm to
 comply with all local obligations for reporting adverse events or other aspects regarding
 the Medical Devices in the Territory. IntraDerm will keep Pohl-Boskamp informed and updated
 on all reporting that has been made by IntraDerm in the Territory.

 7a.8 If,
 in case of a severe product defect or adverse event - a recall is considered, the Parties
 will consult one another whereas Pohl-Boskamp retains the right to finally decide on
 a potential voluntary recall or withdrawal. To the extent that (i) any Health Authority
 issues an order or directive that a Product be recalled or withdrawn in the Territory,
 or (ii) a court of competent jurisdiction orders a recall or withdrawal of a Product
 in the Territory, the Parties shall recall or withdraw such Product as provided in this
 § 7a. Pohl-Boskamp will assist IntraDerm in conducting the recall in the Territory.
 To that end, IntraDerm is obliged to keep itself acquainted with the national laws concerning
 a recall of Medical Devices in the Territory (such as but not limited to time limits,
 forms, notice to competent authorities, wholesalers, pharmacies, logistic partners).

 7a.9 All
 out of pocket expenses (including costs of refunded sales) for the execution of any recall
 or withdrawal of such Product (“Recall Costs”) pursuant to this §
 7a shall be shared equally between the Parties; provided, that in the case of
 any voluntary recall or withdrawal determined by IntraDerm pursuant to subclause (ii)
 of § 7a.8, Pohl-Boskamp shall initially bear the entire expense of such recall or
 withdrawal; provided further that, in each case, responsibility of the Recall
 Costs shall be subject to the final allocation between the Parties as set out in paragraphs
 (i) and (ii) below. In the event that it is finally determined, or agreed between the
 Parties, that such recall or withdrawal is caused by:

 (i) breach
 of Pohl-Boskamp’s representations, warranties and covenants set forth in this Agreement,
 or the gross negligence or wilful misconduct of Pohl-Boskamp or those acting under the
 authority of Pohl-Boskamp, or the failure of Pohl-Boskamp or those acting under the authority
 of Pohl-Boskamp to comply with applicable laws, Pohl-Boskamp shall be responsible for
 Recall Costs; and

 (ii) failure
 of IntraDerm to properly handle, store, transport, or distribute or use Product, as applicable,
 supplied by Pohl-Boskamp, or the gross negligence or wilful misconduct of IntraDerm or
 those acting under the authority of IntraDerm, or the failure of IntraDerm or those acting
 under the authority of IntraDerm to comply with applicable laws, IntraDerm shall be responsible
 for Recall Costs; and

In
all other cases, fifty percent (50%) of the Recall Costs shall be borne by Pohl-Boskamp and fifty percent (50)% of the Recall
Costs shall be borne by IntraDerm.

CONFIDENTIAL

Distribution Agreement Pohl-Boskamp J. IntraDerm, OCLS, 12/Apr/2016, page 13 of 30

§ 8

Scientific
Use of Products

 8.1 If IntraDerm
 learns that a Product is used for scientific studies in the Territory which are or might
 be intended for publication, IntraDerm undertakes to get in touch and, to the extent
 reasonably practicable, and keep in touch with the respective scientists and to seek
 to coordinate the study with Pohl-Boskamp, especially in the stages of protocol planning
 and of formulating the study results before the actual publication. This duty extends
 to all scientific studies in which the Products are involved, i.e. regardless of whether
 Products may be involved alone or in conjunction with other drugs or placebos.

 8.2 IntraDerm
 undertakes not to commence, initiate or, to the extent reasonably practicable, allow
 scientific studies involving the Products without obtaining Pohl-Boskamp’s written
 authorization. IntraDerm shall promptly report to Pohl-Boskamp any scientific studies
 which are or may be conducted already, whether they are unauthorized or not, once IntraDerm
 gains knowledge of such studies.

§
9

 Advertisement/Publicity

 9.1 Pohl-Boskamp
 agrees to provide – free of charge - to IntraDerm examples of marketing materials
 for the Products, specifically electronic drafts hereof, and reports on scientific tests
 of the Products as far as they are reasonably available.

 9.2 IntraDerm
 undertakes to advertise the Products, in particular but not limited to: through visits
 to medical specialists, advertising in applicable medical journals and public media using
 leaflets, and the internet. IntraDerm shall keep available at all times a sufficient
 number of qualified personnel in order to visit medical specialists. Upon request, IntraDerm
 shall send Pohl-Boskamp copies of all advertising materials.

 9.3 IntraDerm
 undertakes to comply with all legal requirements concerning advertisement/publicity for
 the Products in the Territory. IntraDerm is solely liable for any violation of those
 legal requirements, any error or omission in the advertisements unless any such error
 or omission is attributable to an act or omission of Pohl-Boskamp.

 9.4 Any
 and all expenses for any advertising and/or publicity activities in the Territory are
 borne by IntraDerm.

 9.5 If
 IntraDerm decides it would like to build a product specific website, this undertaking
 shall be stipulated in a separate written agreement mutually acceptable to the Parties.

CONFIDENTIAL

Distribution Agreement Pohl-Boskamp J. IntraDerm, OCLS, 12/Apr/2016, page 14 of 30

§ 10

Proprietary
Rights

 10.1 “Intellectual
 Property” means all of the following relating to the Products: (i) all patents
 and design patents of Pohl-Boskamp, (ii) all trademarks (including the trademark for
 the product name “LOYON” registered with the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office
 (the “Trademark”)), service marks, trade dress, logos, slogans, trade
 names, and internet domain names of Pohl-Boskamp covering or used in connection with
 the Products, including any goodwill associated therewith, and all applications, registrations,
 and renewals in connection therewith, (iii) all copyrightable works, all copyrights,
 and all applications, registrations, and renewals in connection therewith, (iv) all trade
 secrets and confidential business information (including ideas, inventions, research
 and development, know-how, improvements, formulas, compositions, manufacturing and production
 processes, standard operating procedures and techniques, technical data, designs, drawings,
 specifications, customer and supplier lists, pricing and cost information, and business
 and marketing plans and proposals), and (v) all advertising and promotional materials.
 “Patents” mean those patents and patent applications covering the
 Products and any and all reissues, renewals, re-examinations, extensions, substitutions,
 confirmations, registrations, revalidations, additions, continuations, continuations-in-part
 or divisions of or to any of the aforesaid patents or patent applications, including,
 without limitation, that certain Patent Application [ ]† filed
 with the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office, which application is pending.

 10.2 Pohl-Boskamp
 hereby grants to IntraDerm a non-exclusive, non-transferable, and royalty-free right
 and license to use the Intellectual Property in connection with the importation, offer
 for sale, sale and other distribution, promotion and marketing of the Products pursuant
 to this Agreement. Except for the license granted in this Agreement, this Agreement does
 not confer upon IntraDerm, and IntraDerm will not claim, any proprietary right, title,
 interest or other rights in any Intellectual Property in the Products or Intellectual
 Property otherwise owned or controlled by Pohl-Boskamp. IntraDerm may use Pohl-Boskamp’s
 Intellectual Property only to the extent it is authorized by this Agreement. Upon termination
 of this Agreement such authorization ceases. IntraDerm acknowledges that all Intellectual
 Property existing in connection with the Products or arising or resulting from this Agreement
 (other than the customer lists, pricing information, business and marketing plans and
 proposals and advertising generated by IntraDerm, to which IntraDerm shall retain sole
 title) are and will be the sole property of Pohl-Boskamp. Except as provided in the immediately
 preceding sentence, IntraDerm hereby assigns to Pohl-Boskamp, without further consideration,
 its entire right, title and interest in each Intellectual Property arising or resulting
 from this Agreement. IntraDerm must not apply to register in its own name any proprietary
 right covering the Products.

† Confidential material redacted and separately filed with the
Commission.

CONFIDENTIAL

Distribution Agreement Pohl-Boskamp J. IntraDerm, OCLS, 12/Apr/2016, page 15 of 30

 10.3 Pohl-Boskamp
 will prosecute infringements, maintain, and enforce its Intellectual Property. IntraDerm
 undertakes to assist Pohl-Boskamp, at the expense of Pohl-Boskamp, as far as Intellectual
 Property in the Territory is concerned.

 10.4 If
 either Party learns that a third party claims the Products are infringing any intellectual
 property rights owned by a third party in the Territory, such Party will promptly inform
 the other Party of such allegations and provide the other Party with any available evidence
 of such allegations. Pohl-Boskamp shall have the first right to defend its interests
 and, in doing so, shall confer with IntraDerm and consider the actions that will be most
 beneficial to both Parties. In the event that Pohl-Boskamp does not defend against allegations
 of infringement, the provisions relating to Minimum Purchase Requirements and payment
 of Royalties will be suspended until such allegations have been settled, resolved or
 dismissed.

 10.5 In
 the event that IntraDerm learns that Pohl-Boskamp’s Intellectual Property is infringed
 in the Territory (e.g. counterfeit Product or trademarks that are imitated or
 illegally used by a third person), IntraDerm will promptly inform Pohl-Boskamp. IntraDerm
 agrees to cooperate with Pohl-Boskamp and to take commercially reasonable steps to protect
 the Intellectual Property of Pohl-Boskamp at Pohl-Boskamp’s expense if requested
 by Pohl-Boskamp in writing.

§
11

 Confidentiality

 11.1 All
 data, literature, information, know-how reports provided by one Party to the other Party,
 directly or indirectly, hereunder, that bears a written designation of as “confidential”,
 “proprietary” or other similar designation, or which the receiving Party
 should reasonably conclude is confidential or proprietary under the circumstances, is
 considered “Confidential Information”; provided, however, that the
 following shall not be considered confidential information: (i) information in the public
 domain at the time of transmittal; (ii) information that becomes a part of the public
 domain after its transmittal through no fault of the receiving Party; (iii) information
 that is subsequently disclosed to the receiving Party by a third party that has the right
 to make such disclosure; and (iv) information that the receiving Party can show through
 its books and records was independently developed by the receiving Party without the
 aid, application or use of the other Party’s confidential information. Each Party
 undertakes to keep secret all data, literature, information and know-how regarding the
 Products, especially concerning their formulations and the know-how of the manufacturing
 process. The receiving Party is not allowed to make use of any such data, literature,
 information and know-how itself nor to make it available nor to reveal or transfer such
 data, literature, information and know-how to third parties, except in connection with
 obtaining and maintaining the Marketing Authorisation. In the event that the receiving
 Party becomes legally compelled (by deposition, interrogatory, subpoena or similar process)
 to disclose any of the Confidential Information, the receiving Party shall provide the
 disclosing Party with prompt written notice of such requirement prior to such disclosure
 to allow the disclosing Party to seek a protective order or other remedy. In the event
 that a protective order or other remedy is not obtained, or that disclosing Party waives
 compliance with the provisions hereof, the receiving Party agrees to furnish only that
 portion of the Confidential Information that the receiving Party reasonably believes
 is legally required to be furnished.

CONFIDENTIAL

Distribution Agreement Pohl-Boskamp J. IntraDerm, OCLS, 12/Apr/2016, page 16 of 30

 11.2 The
 receiving Party has to return all data, literature, information and know-how in its possession
 which was made available to it within the framework of this Agreement to the disclosing
 Party within 30 days after this Agreement is terminated; provided, however, the
 receiving Party is entitled to retain one copy of the Confidential Information for archival
 purposes, which it shall maintain in confidence and not disclose to non-Affiliate third
 parties. In case that IntraDerm receives such documents from third parties – especially
 from the Health Authorities – after the 30-day-period, it has to forward them to
 Pohl-Boskamp or a person appointed by Pohl-Boskamp immediately after receipt of such
 document.

 11.3 Each Party remains bound by the confidentiality
 obligation beyond the term of this Agreement for a period of [ ]† years
 following the expiration of termination of this Agreement.

 11.4 If
 the Parties should decide to enter into discussions/ negotiations regarding a possible
 collaboration for further products which are not yet part of this Agreement, the Parties
 shall keep secret any transferred information related to these products as well, and
 agrees that §11 of the Agreement will apply to such aforementioned discussions/
 negotiations as well.

 11.5 The
 Confidentiality Agreement signed by the Parties on June 18, 2015 (the “Confidentiality
 Agreement”), remains in full force and effect and by this reference is incorporated
 herein.

§
12

Term
of the Agreement/Termination

 12.1 This
 Agreement is valid from the date of the last signature the “Effective Date”)
 and shall continue (i) for a period of five (5) years after the Parties obtain a Marketing
 Authorisation (the “Initial Term”). The Initial Term of this Agreement
 will be extended automatically for two five (5) year periods (each, an “Extension
 Period”) unless it is cancelled with a six (6) month written notice by one
 of the contractual Parties prior to the end of the Initial Term or the initial Extension
 Period. The “Term” of this Agreement shall refer to the Initial Term
 and the Renewal Period unless and until this Agreement is terminated as provided herein.

 12.2 The
 notice of termination has to be in writing. It has to be delivered to the other Party
 by courier service.

† Confidential material redacted and separately filed with the
Commission.

CONFIDENTIAL

Distribution Agreement Pohl-Boskamp J. IntraDerm, OCLS, 12/Apr/2016, page 17 of 30

 12.3 If
 either Party materially defaults in the performance of any material provision of this
 Agreement, the non-defaulting Party may give written notice to the defaulting Party that
 if the default is not cured within thirty (30) days of such notice, the non-defaulting
 Party may terminate the Agreement. If the non-defaulting Party gives such notice and
 the default is not cured during the thirty (30) day period, this Agreement shall
 automatically terminate at the end of such period without further action by the non-defaulting
 Party, which shall be the effective date of termination.

 12.4 This
 Agreement may be terminated by either Party upon written notice to the other Party (i)
 upon the institution by or against the other Party of insolvency, receivership, liquidation,
 moratorium, bankruptcy or similar proceedings or any other proceedings for the settlement
 of Distributor's debts, or (ii) upon Distributor's making an assignment or compromise
 for the benefit of creditors or a similar proceeding.

 12.5 This
 Agreement may be terminated by IntraDerm upon written notice to Pohl-Boskamp if the Marketing
 Authorisation with a Satisfactory Claim is not obtained by the one-year anniversary of
 the Effective Date.

 12.6 This
 Agreement may be terminated by Pohl-Boskamp effective either upon written notice to IntraDerm
 or up to three months after written notice to IntraDerm received by IntraDerm no later
 than 30 days after the occurrence of a triggering event specified in this §12.6
 (a) or (b): (a) in the event that a majority of IntraDerm’s Senior Management in
 any three-month period is replaced; or (b) if an entity that markets one or more products
 that are directly competitive with the Product resulting in revenues to the entity that
 are at least equal to the revenues generated by the Product in the United States directly
 or indirectly acquires control of IntraDerm. For purposes of this §12.6: (x) “Senior
 Management” means those executive officers who possess the power to direct or cause
 the direction of the management and policies of IntraDerm, which, as of the Execution
 Date, are [ ]†,
 [ ]† and [ ]†; (y) a product will be deemed to be “directly competitive”
 with a Product if it is intended for the same, or substantially the same, purpose or
 use as any Product; and (z) “control” means the possession of power to direct
 or cause the direction of management and the policies of IntraDerm, whether through the
 ownership of voting securities, by contract or otherwise.

 12.7 Upon
 expiration of this Agreement (or termination of this Agreement for whatsoever reason),

(i)
IntraDerm shall take the following actions:

 · Notify
 Health Authorities and, at Pohl-Boskamp’s cost and expense, adopt any and all actions
 necessary for the transfer of the Marketing Authorisation for the Products to Pohl-Boskamp;

 · Cease
 using all Pohl-Boskamp Intellectual Property furnished to it by Pohl-Boskamp hereunder
 and return it to Pohl-Boskamp pursuant to § 11.2; and

 · Cease
 any marketing and sale activity and discontinue the use of the Trademark; provided, however,
 that IntraDerm shall have a reasonable period of time to remove the Trademark from its
 website, and IntraDerm shall have no liability for marketing materials that contain Pohl-Boskamp’s
 trademarks distributed to third parties prior to the date of termination.

† Confidential material redacted and separately filed with the
Commission.

CONFIDENTIAL

Distribution Agreement Pohl-Boskamp J. IntraDerm, OCLS, 12/Apr/2016, page 18 of 30

(ii)
Pohl-Boskamp shall take the following actions:

 · Reimburse
 the Filing Fee to IntraDerm;

 · Repurchase
 IntraDerm’s remaining stock of Products pursuant to § 4.4;

 · Cease
 using IntraDerm’s intellectual property and know-how furnished to it by IntraDerm.

 12.8 The
 termination of this Agreement shall not affect any rights or obligations of the Parties
 that have accrued or matured prior thereto. In addition, the following provisions shall
 survive the expiration or termination of this Agreement in accordance with their respective
 terms: §§ 4.5, 4.8, 6.12, 7.7, 7.9, 7.10, 7.11, 7a.6, 7a.9, 11.1-11.3, 11.5,
 12, 14, 15, 18 and 20-22.

 12..9 In
 the event of an expiration of this Agreement neither Party shall be liable to the other
 because of such termination, including but not limited to compensation, reimbursement
 or damages on account of the loss of prospective profits or anticipated sales or goodwill,
 or on account of any expenditures, inventory, investments, leases or other commitments
 including hiring of personnel, in connection with the business of Pohl-Boskamp or IntraDerm.
 IntraDerm acknowledges that its profit margins derived on sale of the Products pursuant
 to this Agreement have induced IntraDerm to enter into and perform this Agreement and
 that such profits constitute good, sufficient and valuable consideration for its duties
 and obligations hereunder. The expiration shall not, however, relieve either Party of
 obligations incurred prior to the expiration.

§ 13

Force Majeure

 13.1 The
 Parties hereto shall not be liable for any damage if the performance of all or parts
 of this Agreement is hindered or prevented by causes beyond the performing Party’s
 control and without its fault or negligence, including but not limited to acts of God
 or of public enemy, nuclear incidents, acts, laws, orders or regulations of any government
 or department or agency thereof acting in either its sovereign or contractual capacity,
 fires, floods, epidemics, quarantine restrictions, strikes, work stoppages, slowdowns
 or other job actions, freight embargoes, shortages of fuel or other items, delays in
 transportation, boycotts, unusually severe weather and riots, insurrections, revolutions,
 wars or other civil or military disturbances.

 13.2 If
 Pohl-Boskamp is not able to deliver pursuant to force majeure as stipulated in §
 13 and/or direction by government, IntraDerm shall not be entitled to claim for compensation
 in any kind.

CONFIDENTIAL

Distribution Agreement Pohl-Boskamp J. IntraDerm, OCLS, 12/Apr/2016, page 19 of 30

§ 14

Written Requirements

 14.1 This
 Agreement and the Annexes attached hereto and the Confidentiality Agreement set forth
 in writing all agreements and understandings between Pohl-Boskamp and IntraDerm. Oral
 agreements do not exist. All previous agreements or arrangements (if any) between the
 Parties, be it in writing or orally, relating to the subject matter hereof are hereby
 cancelled and superseded.

 14.2 Modifications,
 amendments and changes of this Agreement, including this clause, must be in writing.
 Pohl-Boskamp’s ‘General Terms and Conditions of Trade’ (ANNEX IV)
 apply unless they have been modified by the Parties in this Agreement.

§ 15

Notices

All notices will
be deemed to have been given when received if sent by personal delivery, registered mail return receipt, reputable express courier
or when receipt of a facsimile has been acknowledged by machine generated receipt, to the following address:

 If to Pohl-Boskamp:
 
G.
Pohl-Boskamp GmbH & Co. KG

Kieler Strasse 1125551 Hohenlockstedt

Germany

Attn: Executive Director

Facsimile:+49 4826 59-376

 If to IntraDerm :
 IntraDerm Pharmaceuticals,

a division of Oculus Innovative
Sciences, Inc.

1129 North McDowell Blvd.

Petaluma, California 94954

USA

Attn: Chief Financial Officer

Facsimile: (707) 283-0551

If notice is
personally delivered, the individual accepting such notice, if requested, will sign a duplicate of the notice to confirm receipt
thereof.

CONFIDENTIAL

Distribution Agreement Pohl-Boskamp J. IntraDerm, OCLS, 12/Apr/2016, page 20 of 30

§ 16

Insurance

Each Party
shall maintain comprehensive general liability and product liability insurance, covering the obligations of such Party under this
Agreement throughout the Term of this Agreement and as long as the Products sold under this Agreement are marketed or sold in
the Territory. Upon request of either Party, the other Party will provide Pohl-Boskamp with certificate(s) of insurance evidencing
the above and showing the name of the issuing company, the policy number, the effective date, the expiration date and the limits
of liability.

§ 17

Partial Invalidity

Should any of
the provisions of this Agreement be or become invalid, the invalidity does not prejudice the validity of the remaining provisions
of this Agreement, and the Agreement shall be enforced in accordance with its terms and its validity shall not in any way be affected
or impaired thereby. In the event that any term or provision of this Agreement is held to be unreasonable, the same shall not
fail, but shall be deemed amended only to the extent necessary to render it reasonable and the Parties agree in writing to be
bound by the amended term or provision.

§ 18

Applicable
Law/

 18.1 This
 Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the Federal
 Republic of Germany, regardless of the laws that might otherwise govern under applicable
 principles of conflicts of law thereof. The provisions of the U.N. Convention on Contracts
 for the International Sale of Goods shall not apply.

 18.2
 
Both Parties
are entitled to take legal action, submitted to the jurisdiction of the courts of Hamburg, Federal Republic of Germany, on their
own discretion.

However,
with mutual consent, disputes arising out of or relating to this Agreement shall be submitted to arbitration in London, England
in accordance with the rules of the International Chamber of Commerce or its successor by three arbitrators, one chosen by each
of the Parties, and the third arbitrator being chosen by the two chosen arbitrators. The decision of the arbitrator shall be conclusive
and binding on the Parties to the arbitration. Judgment may be entered on the arbitrator's decision in any court having jurisdiction.
Each Party will take care of its own cost in this arbitration and both Parties will pay half of the arbitration court costs itself.
All information relating to or disclosed by any Party in connection with the arbitration shall be treated by the Parties as confidential
information and no disclosure of such information shall be made by either Party without the prior written consent of the other
Party. The Parties expressly agree that any arbitration shall be conducted, and any and all evidence, pleadings, correspondence,
and other documents relating to the arbitration will be presented, in the English language.

CONFIDENTIAL

Distribution Agreement Pohl-Boskamp J. IntraDerm, OCLS, 12/Apr/2016, page 21 of 30

§ 19

Registration
of the Agreement

If required IntraDerm
shall take all the necessary activities and bear all the expenses and costs arising from the registration of this Agreement before
the local authorities, including all necessary translations and provide evidence thereof to Pohl-Boskamp.

§ 20

Relationship
of Parties

This Agreement does not, and shall
not be construed to create a relationship of joint venture, partnership or principal and agent between Pohl-Boskamp and IntraDerm.
Neither Party has, or may exercise, any authority, express, implied or apparent, to act on behalf of or as an agent of the the
other Party for any purpose, and neither Party shall take any action which might tend to create an obligation on behalf of the
other Party. Each Party is, and shall at all times remain an independent contractor responsible for all obligations and liabilities
of, and for all loss or damage arising out of its business activities.

§ 21

Non-Assignment

Neither Party
may assign, delegate or otherwise transfer any of its right or obligation arising under this Agreement whether by agreement, or
otherwise, without the express prior written consent of the other Party; provided, however, that either Party may assign this
Agreement to any person or entity into which the assigning Party has merged or which has otherwise succeeded to all or substantially
all of the business and assets to which this Agreement pertains, by merger, consolidation, reorganization or otherwise if such
successor entity has assumed in writing or by operation of law the assigning Party's obligations under this Agreement. Any purported
assignment, delegation, or transfer in violation of the previous sentence will be null and void. Subject to the foregoing, this
Agreement in its entirety will bind each Party and its successors and permitted assigns.

§ 22

Counterparts

The Parties may execute this
Agreement in one or more counterparts, and each fully executed counterpart shall be deemed an original, and when taken together
with other signed counterparts, shall be binding upon and effective as to all Parties hereto. This Agreement in the English language
shall be the controlling text to the extent allowable under applicable law.

*****

CONFIDENTIAL

Distribution Agreement Pohl-Boskamp J. IntraDerm, OCLS, 12/Apr/2016, page 22 of 30

 Hohenlockstedt, April 13, 2016
 Petaluma, April 13, 2016

 For and on behalf of
 For and on behalf of

 G. Pohl-Boskamp GmbH & Co. KG
 IntraDerm Pharmaceuticals,

 a Division of Oculus Innovative Sciences, Inc.

 represented by its general partner
 represented by its President

 Boskamp GmbH

/s/ Thomas Höppner___________________

Dr. Thomas Höppner

/s/ Robert Miller_____________________

Robert Miller

Executive Director

/s/ André Horst_______________________

André Horst

Legal Affairs

Chief Financial Officer

Annex I – Products, Prices and Royalties

Annex II – Territory

Annex III – Minimum Purchase Requirements

Annex IV – General Terms and Conditions of Trade

Annex V – Pharmacovigilance Agreement

Annex VI – Adverse Events

CONFIDENTIAL

Distribution Agreement Pohl-Boskamp J. IntraDerm, OCLS, 12/Apr/2016, page 23 of 30

ANNEX I

Products, Prices and Royalties

 Product
 Size
 Price
 Medical Device (Yes/No)

Medical Product

(Yes/No)

 Loyon 
 [ ]†ml
 TBD
 Yes
 No

 Loyon 
 [ ]† ml
 US$ [ ]†
 Yes
 No

 Loyon 
 [ ]† ml
 US$ [ ]†*
 Yes
 No

 Loyon 
 [ ]† ml (sample)
 US$ [ ]†**
 Yes
 No

*Subject to confirmation about feasibility of Pohl-Boskamp providing
this size in one bottle

**Parties agree to revisit the sample program within on year after
First Commercial Sale to assess results and then determine what the year 2 samples volume and price should be. Price of samples
in year 2 shall not exceed US$[ ]†.

Terms of transportation
and delivery of product is ExWorks Incoterms 2010 at Pohl-Boskamp’s facility in Germany.

All
labelling shall bear Pohl-Boskamp’s Trademark, “Loyon” (the “Trademark”).

 ROYALTIES 

The
Royalty structure is as follows:

Year
1 – [ ]†%

Year
2 – [ ]†%

Year
3 – [ ]†% and remaining at [ ]†% through the balance of the agreement as long as the Product is in Sales Position
1 or 2.

If
the Sales Position changes to a higher position during Contract Year 1 or Contract Year 2, the royalty rate will move to [ ]†%.

If
the Parties have not been able to obtain a psoriasis claim during Contract Year 1 or Contract Year 2, IntraDerm may move the Product
into Sales Position 3 with royalties staying at [ ]†%. If the Sales Position changes to a higher position, the royalty
rate will immediately move to [ ]†%.

If
the Parties have been able to obtain a psoriasis claim during Contract Year 1 or Contract Year 2, and the Sales Position changes
to a higher position than it occupied in the prior year, the royalty rate will move to [ ]†%.

IntraDerm
shall, in good faith, make the sole good faith determination as to the Sales Position of the Product at any time or times.

The
Royalty structure therefore is as follows:

 Year 1
 Year 2
 Year 3

 no psoriasis claim
 psoriasis claim

 Sales Position
 #1 or #2
 ≥ #3
 #1 or #2
 ≥ #3
 #1 or #2 or #3
 ≥ #4
 #1 or #2
 ≥ #3

 Royalty
 [ ]†%
 [ ]†%
 [ ]†%
 [ ]†%
 [ ]†%
 [ ]†%
 [ ]†%
 [ ]†%

For Purposes of this
Agreement:

† Confidential material redacted and separately filed with the
Commission.

CONFIDENTIAL

Distribution Agreement Pohl-Boskamp J. IntraDerm, OCLS, 12/Apr/2016, page 24 of 30

“Net Sales”
means, the amount of gross sales of applicable Product invoiced by IntraDerm to independent third Parties, and received by IntraDerm,
net of the amount paid by IntraDerm for the Products, less the following deductions: returns (including allowances actually given
for spoiled, damaged, expired, rejected, returned Product sold, return reserves, withdrawals, and recalls), rebates (price reductions,
rebates to social and welfare systems, charge backs, government mandated rebates, and similar types of rebates (e.g., Medicaid)),
volume (quantity) discounts, and/or taxes (value added or sales taxes, government-mandated exceptional taxes and other taxes directly
imposed upon and paid with respect to such sales, excluding any taxes on income); in each case, only to the extent such deductions
are (i) consistently applied in accordance with US GAAP, (ii) actually incurred, (iii) included in the amount of gross sales invoiced
and separately identified on the invoice or other documentation maintained in the ordinary course of business, and (iv) not otherwise
recovered by or reimbursed to IntraDerm. Notwithstanding the foregoing, amounts received by IntraDerm for the sale of Product among
IntraDerm Affiliates for resale shall not be included in the computation of Net Sales; provided if and when such Product is resold
to a non-Affiliate third party, amounts for any such sales shall be included in Net Sales.

CONFIDENTIAL

Distribution Agreement Pohl-Boskamp J. IntraDerm, OCLS, 12/Apr/2016, page 25 of 30

ANNEX II

Territory

The United States of America and its territories and possessions,
including Puerto Rico and the District of Columbia.

CONFIDENTIAL

Distribution Agreement Pohl-Boskamp J. IntraDerm, OCLS, 12/Apr/2016, page 26 of 30

ANNEX III

Minimum Purchases

IntraDerm and Pohl-Boskamp have discussed the
following Sales Targets. However, the Parties acknowledge and agree that the wording of the SebDerm Claim, which IntraDerm will
pursue, will impact the marketability of the Product in the Territory. Accordingly, the Parties agree that IntraDerm shall modify
the Sales Targets upon receipt of the SebDerm Claim language, and such Sales Targets shall replace the Sales Targets below.

 Total Contract 

Year 1 

Sales Target

Contract Year 1*

 Minimum Purchase

Requirement

 Loyon units
 [ ]†
 [ ]†

 Loyon Samples
 [ ]†
 [ ]†

*commences on First Commercial Sale

 Total Contract 

Year 2 

Sales Target
 Contract Year 2 

Minimum Purchase

 Requirement

 Loyon units
 [ ]†
 [ ]†

 Loyon Samples
 [ ]†
 [ ]†

Total Contract Year 3

Sales Target 

 Contract Year 3 

Minimum Purchase

 Requirement

 Loyon units
 [ ]†
 [ ]†

 Loyon Samples
 [ ]†
 [ ]†

For purposes of this Agreement:

 · “Contract Year 1” means the twelve (12) month period
commencing on the First Commercial Sale.

 · Each successive Contract Year is the twelve (12) month period commencing
on the same number anniversary of the First Commercial Sale.

 · “First Commercial Sale” shall mean the date on
which the cumulative Net Sales in the Terrritory reaches US $[ ]† following issuance of the Marketing Authorisation with
the SebDerm Claim required to commercialize the Product in the Territory.

 · Sales Targets set forth above are for discussion purposes only
and are not binding on the Parties. After Health Authority issues the Marketing Authority for the SebDerm Claim, IntraDerm shall
provide Pohl-Boskamp updated Sales Targets for each Contract Year during the Initial Term, and such Sales Targets shall be binding
on the Parties. 

 · Minimum Purchase Requirement for each Contract
Year is [ ]†%
of the Sales Target for such Contract Year.

† Confidential material redacted and separately filed with the
Commission.

CONFIDENTIAL

Distribution Agreement Pohl-Boskamp J. IntraDerm, OCLS, 12/Apr/2016, page 27 of 30

ANNEX IV

General Terms and Condition of Trade

CONFIDENTIAL

Distribution Agreement Pohl-Boskamp J. IntraDerm, OCLS, 12/Apr/2016, page 28 of 30

ANNEX V

Pharmacovigilance Agreement

CONFIDENTIAL

Distribution Agreement Pohl-Boskamp J. IntraDerm, OCLS, 12/Apr/2016, page 29 of 30

ANNEX VI 

Adverse Events

CONFIDENTIAL

Distribution Agreement Pohl-Boskamp J. IntraDerm, OCLS, 12/Apr/2016, page 30 of 30