EX-10.3
2
y98069exv10w3.txt
DISTRIBUTION AGREEMENT

 Exhibit 10.3

 Distribution Agreement
 between
 Infogrames Entertainment SA
 and
 Infogrames, Inc.

 This Distribution Agreement (this "Agreement") is entered into by and
between Infogrames Europe SA (formerly Infogrames Multimedia SA) and Infogrames
Entertainment SA (together, "IESA") and Infogrames, Inc. ("Infogrames") as of
October 2, 20000 (the "Effective Date").

 Whereas, IESA is in the business of publishing and marketing Products and
wishes to license Infogrames to distribute, publish and market Products owned or
controlled by IESA; and

 Whereas, Infogrames wishes to obtain the right to distribute, publish and
market Products owned or controlled by IESA;

 NOW THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual covenants contained herein,
the parties hereby agree as follows:

 1. Definitions

 (a) "Chargeback" means deductions customers take against an
 Infogrames invoice for price protection, promotions or
 markdowns.

 (b) "Confidential Information" means trade secrets, discoveries,
 ideas, concepts, know-how, techniques, designs,
 specifications, drawings, diagrams, data, computer programs,
 business activities and operations. In order to be considered
 "Confidential Information," the information must contain a
 legend, such as "Confidential Information," "Confidential" or
 "Proprietary," or if orally disclosed, such information shall
 be considered and treated as Confidential Information only if
 it is clearly identified at the time of disclosure as being
 confidential and the disclosing party gives written notice
 within 10 days after disclosure specifically reciting the
 information orally disclosed and stating that such information
 is Confidential Information.

 (c) "Manufacturing Costs" means all reasonable direct costs of
 manufacturing, including license fees paid to console product
 manufacturers and in-bound transportation costs, for Products
 sold and not returned.

 (d) "Master" means a gold-master CD-ROM, cartridge or other
 appropriate electronic medium of delivery which is of
 sufficient quality to allow reproduction of the applicable
 software product without any material degradation, plus the
 applicable user manual and any and all documentation
 reasonably necessary to exercise Infogrames' rights under this
 Agreement, including without limitation, graphics in hard and
 electronic copy.

 -1-

 (e) "Merchandise" means goods and sundries bearing the names,
 characters, themes or based on the storylines related to any
 Product.

 (f) "Net Revenues" means gross revenues received by Infogrames
 from third parties, less any returns, Chargebacks, discounts,
 rebates, Manufacturing Costs, taxes, duties, commissions,
 insurance and transportation costs.

 (g) "Products" means the Products (in any format, e.g. PC,
 Macintosh, console, video, online play) which Infogrames (and
 its subsidiaries) has the right to distribute in the
 Territory, whether licensed or owned by IESA (or its
 subsidiaries), and any demonstration versions and derivative
 works thereof, including without limitation, rights to
 merchandising, television, film, music, hint books, strategy
 guides, sequels, add-ons and level packs.

 (h) "Trademarks" means the trademarks, logos, service marks, trade
 names and other proprietary markings owned by or licensed to
 IESA in connection with any Product.

 (i) "Territory" means the United States, Canada and their
 territories and possessions.

 (j) All capitalized terms not defined herein are as defined in the
 Securities Purchase Agreement between the parties dated as of
 November 15, 1999.

 2. License: IESA hereby grants to Infogrames the exclusive right to
 publish, manufacture, have manufactured, localized, adapt, market,
 advertise, promote, publicize, distribute, sell, sublicense or
 otherwise exploit the Products through all channels of distribution
 in the Territory. Upon Infogrames' request, IESA shall provide
 Infogrames with all materials reasonably necessary for Infogrames to
 localize the Products, including without limitation, source code and
 all related documentation, subject to their availability to IESA and
 to third-party approval rights, as applicable.

 3. Trademark License: Subject to any approvals as may be required by a
 third party licensor, IESA hereby grants to Infogrames a
 royalty-free, non-exclusive, non-transferable license to use IESA's
 Trademarks in connection with the exercise of the license granted to
 Infogrames pursuant to Paragraph 2 of this Agreement. IESA's
 Trademarks and the goodwill associated therewith are and remain
 IESA's exclusive property. Infogrames shall acquire no right, title
 or interest in IESA's Trademarks or the goodwill associated
 therewith, other than the limited license and right to use IESA's
 Trademarks as set forth under this Agreement. All usage of IESA's
 Trademarks by Infogrames shall inure to IESA's benefit. Infogrames
 will use all reasonable efforts to ensure that all applicable and
 reasonably necessary Trademarks used for a Product appear clearly on
 the packaging and major advertising and promotional materials for
 such Product.

 -2-

 4. Purchase of Prepackaged Products: If IESA offers prepackaged
 Products, Infogrames shall be entitled to purchase such prepackaged
 Products at IESA's actual direct cost of manufacture, F.O.B.
 Infogrames' warehouse. The prepackaged Products will be purchased on
 a purchase order basis, under Infogrames standard purchase order
 terms and conditions. Royalties due IESA for the subsequent sale of
 such product are covered by the other terms and conditions of this
 Agreement including but not limited to Paragraphs 7 and 14 below.

 5. Return of Prepackaged Products: Infogrames shall be entitled to
 return prepackaged Products purchased from IESA to IESA for a full
 refund or credit, at Infogrames' option.

 6. Delivery of Non-Prepackaged Products: IESA will deliver as soon as
 practicable a complete English language NTSC Master of any Product
 which is licensed to Infogrames under this Agreement for manufacture
 by or for Infogrames pursuant to this Agreement.

 7. Royalties on Products: Infogrames will pay to IESA a royalty on
 distribution of Products which are manufactured by or for Infogrames
 pursuant to the license granted herein calculated as follows:

 (a) If a third party is entitled to royalties based on Infogrames'
 distribution of the specific Product, then the royalty will be
 the greater of (i) 30% of the Net Revenues Infogrames actually
 receives from the distribution of such Product or (ii) 130% of
 the royalty due to such third party (not including any
 advance) actually paid by IESA to the third party for such
 Product. IESA will inform Infogrames at the time such Product
 is delivered to Infogrames of the amount of the royalty due to
 such third party in writing.

 (b) If the Product is internally developed by IESA, or any of its
 subsidiaries, then the royalty will be 30% of the Net Revenues
 Infogrames actually receives from the distribution of the
 Product

 (c) No royalties will be due from Infogrames to IESA for up to 500
 units of each Product, to be used for promotional and
 demonstration purposes.

 (d) No royalties will be due from Infogrames to IESA for any
 transfer or payment amongst IESA and its subsidiaries (and
 their subsidiaries).

 8. Obligation to Release Product. Infogrames shall actively commence
 marketing and selling the Products within the Territory in
 reasonable commercial quantities within three (3) months following
 Infogrames' receipt of Masters. If Infogrames shall fail to have
 commenced actively marketing and selling the Products in the
 Territory within three (3) months following the receipt of Masters
 with respect thereto, then IESA shall have the right, in addition to
 any other rights which IESA may have hereunder, upon thirty (30)
 days prior written notice to Infogrames, to declare such right
 henceforth to be nonexclusive.

 -3-

 9. Anti-Export Protection. Infogrames shall use commercially reasonable
 efforts not to sublicense, distribute or sell any Products to any
 distributor or customer who Infogrames knows, or could reasonably be
 expected to know, intends to resell or export the Products outside
 of the Territory. A license, sublicense, distributor or customer who
 wrongfully resells or exports Products outside of the Territory is
 referred to as an "Exporter." IESA shall have the right, in addition
 to any other rights which it may have hereunder, to require
 Infogrames to terminate any license, distribution agreement or
 arrangement with any such Exporter who is wrongfully distributing
 Products in violation of the rights of IESA.

 10. Prohibition of Sublicensing; Derivative Works. Infogrames shall not
 sublicense any of the rights granted to Infogrames hereunder without
 IESA'S prior written consent, such consent not to be unreasonably
 withheld. Infogrames shall not exploit derivative works related to
 the Products, including without limitation rights to merchandising,
 television, film, music, hint books, strategy guides, sequels,
 add-ons and level packs, without IESA'S prior written consent, such
 consent not to be unreasonably withheld. Notwithstanding the above,
 IESA acknowledges that Infogrames maintains sublicensing agreements
 with affiliates and/or third parties in certain countries within the
 Territory as listed on Schedule A and that such sublicensing
 agreements are deemed to be pre-approved with respect to the
 publishing and distribution of Product within those countries that
 is developed by IESA or its subsidiaries. Sublicensing to original
 equipment manufacturing (OEMs) for exploitation in the Territory is
 also deemed pre-approved for Product developed by IESA or its
 subsidiaries. Such pre-approvals for sublicensing within the
 Territory do not apply to Product developed by third parties.

 11. Approval Rights: The Products as manufactured, advertised, sold,
 distributed or otherwise disposed of by Infogrames under this
 Agreement shall be of customary quality and shall be sold and
 distributed in packaging acceptable to IESA and bearing IESA's
 Trademarks and trade names. Such packaging may indicate that the
 Products are distributed by Infogrames. Infogrames agrees to furnish
 IESA free of cost, for IESA's reasonable approval as to quality and
 style, samples of each Product together with its proposed packaging
 prior to the Product's release for sale or distribution. The Product
 shall not be sold or distributed by Infogrames without such
 approval. IESA will approve or reject samples submitted by
 Infogrames within ten (10) days of receipt of such samples: IESA's
 failure to respond to requests for approval within ten (10) days
 shall be deemed approval.

 12. Ownership of Intellectual Property Rights. Notwithstanding anything
 contained herein to the contrary and subject to the terms of this
 Agreement, all artwork, designs and computer software embodying the
 intellectual property embodied in the Products, or any reproduction
 thereof, or any packaging or advertising materials, which are
 designed, developed and/or created by Infogrames hereunder (or any
 of its sublicenses, affiliates or subsidiaries), shall be, and
 remain IESA's (or its affected third party's, as the case may be)
 sole and exclusive property, inclusive of all copyrights and right
 to copyright therein and thereto for the life of the copyright
 therein; provided that during the term of this Agreement, Infogrames
 shall have the exclusive right, license and privilege (without any

 -4-

 compensation to IESA except as otherwise provided in this Agreement)
 to use all such above described materials in connection with its
 exploitation, sale and distribution of the Products.

 Subject to the terms of this Agreement, Infogrames acknowledges and
 agrees that: All copyrights, trademarks and service marks and rights
 to same referred to in this Agreement in the name of and/or owned by
 and/or licensed to IESA shall be and remain the sole and complete
 property of IESA, or its affected third-party licensors, as the case
 may be; that all such copyrights, trademarks and service marks and
 rights to same in the name of or owned by any copyright proprietor
 other than IESA or Infogrames shall be and remain the sole and
 complete property of such copyright proprietor; that all trademarks
 and service marks which, and/or the right to use which, arise out of
 the license hereby granted to use the intellectual property embodied
 in the Products shall be and remains the sole and complete property
 of IESA (or its affected third-party licensors, as the case may be);
 that Infogrames shall not at any time acquire or claim any right,
 title or interest of any nature whatsoever in any such trademark or
 service mark by virtue of this Agreement or of Infogrames' uses
 thereof in connection with the Products; and that any right, title
 or interest in or relating to any such trademark or service mark,
 which comes into existence as a result of, or during the term of,
 the exercise by Infogrames of any rights granted to it hereunder
 shall immediately vest in IESA (or its affected third-party
 licensor, as the case may be).

 13. Taxes. All amounts due hereunder include any applicable taxes and
 duties.

 14. Payment Procedures: Infogrames will report to IESA the amount of
 royalties due within sixty (60) days after the end of each calendar
 quarter, and each such report will be accompanied by payment of such
 amount; provided, however, that Infogrames shall be entitled to
 credit the amounts to be paid by IESA to any amounts that IESA owes
 to Infogrames under the agreement or security whatsoever. All
 payments will be made in U.S. dollars.

 15. Audit: Infogrames will keep accurate records of the basis for the
 royalty determination and will make such records available to an
 independent certified public accountant mutually agreed upon by the
 parties for inspection during normal business hours, provided
 however such inspection shall not interfere with Infogrames' normal
 business activities. Such accountant shall be under an obligation of
 confidentiality to Infogrames, and will only disclose to IESA
 whether or not the royalty reports provided to IESA by Infogrames
 were correct, and if not, the amount by which the royalty reports
 are incorrect. No other information will be provided to IESA. If
 Infogrames has underpaid the royalties due, Infogrames will promptly
 pay the underpaid amount. If Infogrames has overpaid the royalties
 due, Infogrames may elect, in its sole discretion, to either credit
 such overpayment against royalties to come due in the future or
 require IESA to refund such overpayment to Infogrames promptly.
 Inspections shall be at IESA's cost, shall not occur more frequently
 than once annually and shall not cover the same records more than
 once; provided, however, that the reasonable cost of the inspection
 will be reimbursed by Infogrames if the inspection discovers an
 underpayment in excess of ten (10%) percent.

 -5-

 16. IESA Warranties and Indemnity: IESA warrants and represents that
 IESA has sufficient rights to the Products to grant Infogrames the
 licenses under this Agreement and that any Product provided to
 Infogrames under this Agreement does not and will not infringe any
 third party proprietary right. If Infogrames is obligated to pay any
 third party for rights reasonably necessary to exploit its rights
 under this Agreement, IESA will reimburse Infogrames such amount
 upon Infogrames' request. IESA warrants and represents that it has
 the right to enter into this Agreement and that this Agreement and
 IESA'S performance under this Agreement will not conflict or violate
 any obligations IESA may have under an agreement with any third
 party. IESA will indemnify Infogrames, and its affiliates, officers,
 directors and employees, against claims, actions, demands,
 liabilities, losses, damages, expenses (including reasonable
 attorneys' fees and legal costs) related to alleged or actual
 infringement of third party proprietary rights by the Products and
 to alleged personal injury or property damage related to the
 Products. IESA will indemnify Infogrames, and its affiliates,
 officers, directors and employees, against any claims, liabilities,
 losses, damages, injuries, costs, expenses, causes of action,
 claims, demands, assessments and similar matters related to any
 breach of IESA's warranties.

 17. Infogrames Warranties and Indemnity: Infogrames warrants and
 represents that it has the full power and authority to enter into
 this Agreement. Except as contemplated hereby, Infogrames warrants
 and represents that it will not assign, transfer, lease, convey or
 grant a security interest in or otherwise similarly dispose of the
 Products or any related materials. Infogrames warrants and
 represents that it shall use its reasonable best efforts to protect
 IESA's and any applicable third party's intellectual property rights
 covered by this Agreement in the Territory against infringement.
 Infogrames warrants and represents that the making of this Agreement
 and the manufacture, marketing, sale and distribution of the
 Products shall not infringe upon or violate any laws or regulations
 of any nation with the Territory; any agreement, right or obligation
 between Infogrames and any other person, firm or corporation; or any
 rights of any third party. Infogrames will indemnify IESA, and its
 affiliates, officers, directors and employees, against any claims,
 liabilities, losses, damages, injuries, costs, expenses, causes of
 action, claims, demands, assessments and similar matters related to
 any breach of Infogrames' warranties.

 18. Conditions on Indemnity Obligations: The indemnity obligations set
 forth in this Agreement are conditioned upon the party claiming
 indemnification (the "Indemnified Party") promptly notifying the
 indemnifying party (the "Indemnifying Party") of the claim, allowing
 the Indemnifying Party to control any defense or settlement of such
 claim and assisting the Indemnified Party in the defense or
 settlement so long as the Indemnifying Party reimburses the
 Indemnified Party's reasonable expenses.

 19. Term: The term of this Agreement will be the later of (a) seven
 years or (b) the period of time during which IESA and its
 subsidiaries hold at least twenty-five percent (25%) of the voting
 stock of Infogrames.

 20. Termination: This Agreement may be terminated by Infogrames in its
 sole discretion upon ninety (90) days written notice to IESA. Either
 party may terminate this Agreement

 -6-

 for a material breach by the other party which has not been cured
 within sixty days after the non-breaching party provided written
 notice of such breach to the breaching party.

 21. Effect of Termination: Upon termination of this Agreement, the
 licenses granted hereunder will terminate, provided however, that in
 the event such termination is for other than a breach by Infogrames,
 the licenses will continue to the extent necessary for a period of
 up to six (6) months to allow Infogrames to distribute its remaining
 inventory of Products and to fulfill its obligations under any
 agreement with a third party. Paragraphs 1, 3, 7, 9, 10, 12, 14-18
 and 21-30 shall survive termination of this Agreement for any
 reason.

 22. Assignment: Infogrames may assign all or a portion of its rights
 under this Agreement to its affiliates. In the event of a change in
 control of Infogrames to a successor entity or any of its
 affiliates, Infogrames may not assign this Agreement to any other
 third party without IESA approval. Subject to the foregoing, the
 provisions of this Agreement shall apply to and bind the successors
 and permitted assigns of the parties. Any attempted assignment or
 other transfer of this Agreement not in compliance with this
 Paragraph 22 shall be null and void and shall be deemed to be a
 material breach of this Agreement which is not capable of cure.

 23. Confidentiality: Each party agrees that it will hold in strict
 confidence and not disclose the Confidential Information of the
 other party to any third party and to use the Confidential
 Information of the other party for no purpose other than the
 purposes expressly permitted by this Agreement. Each party shall
 only permit access to the other party's Confidential Information to
 those of its employees having a need to know and who have signed
 confidentiality agreements containing terms at least as restrictive
 as those contained in this Paragraph 23. Each party shall maintain
 the confidentiality and prevent accidental or other loss or
 disclosure of any Confidential Information of the other party with
 at least the same degree of care as it uses to protect its own
 Confidential Information but in no event with less than reasonable
 care. A party's obligations of confidentiality under this Agreement
 shall not apply to information which such party can document (i) is
 in the public domain without the breach of any agreement or
 fiduciary duty or the violation of any law, (ii) was known to the
 party prior to the time of disclosure without the breach of any
 agreement or fiduciary duty or the violation of any law, (iii) is
 independently developed by the party prior to receiving such
 Confidential Information without reference to any Confidential
 Information, (iv) is required to be disclosed pursuant to a judicial
 order, a requirement of a governmental agency or by operation of
 law, provided that such party gives the other party written notice
 of any such requirement immediately after learning of any such
 requirement, and takes all reasonable measures to avoid or limit
 disclosure under such requirements and to obtain confidential
 treatment or a protective order and has allowed such other party to
 participate in the proceeding. Upon written request by either party
 hereto, the other party shall promptly return all documents and
 other tangible materials representing the requesting party's
 Confidential Information and all copies thereof. Notwithstanding
 anything contained herein to the contrary, Infogrames reserves the
 right to publicly disclose the terms of this

 -7-

 Agreement if it determines in good faith that this is a material
 agreement which must be filed with the Securities and Exchange
 Commission.

 24. Governing Law: The laws of the State of New York shall govern this
 Agreement, without regard to conflicts of laws provisions thereof
 and without regard to the United Nations Convention on Contracts for
 the International Sale of Goods.

 25. Relationship of Parties: The parties hereto expressly understand and
 agree that the parties are independent contractors in the
 performance of each and every part of this Agreement.

 26. Amendment and Waiver. Except as otherwise expressly authorized
 herein, any provision of this Agreement may be amended and the
 observance of any provision of this Agreement may be waived only
 with the written consent of the parties.

 27. Headings. Headings and captions are for convenience only and are not
 to be used in the interpretation of this Agreement.

 28. Notices. All notices, statements, and reports required or permitted
 by this Agreement shall be in writing and deemed to have been
 effectively given and received; (i) five (5) business days after the
 date of mailing if sent by registered or certified mail, postage
 prepaid, with return receipt requested; (ii) when transmitted if
 sent by facsimile, provided a confirmation of transmission is
 produced by the sending machine and a copy of such facsimile is
 promptly sent by another means specified in this Paragraph 28; or
 (iii) when delivered if delivered personally or sent by express
 courier service. Notices shall be addressed as follows:

 If to IESA: If to Infogrames:

 Infogrames Entertainment SA Infogrames, Inc.
 84, rue du 1er Mars 1943 417 Fifth Avenue
 Villeurbanne, 69100 New York, New York 10016
 France Attention: David J. Fremed
 Attention: Thomas Schmider Telecopy: (212) 726-6590
 Telecopy: (011 33) 472 655116 Confirm: (212) 726-6553
 Confirm: (011 33) 472 655000

 29. Entire Agreement. This Agreement supersedes all proposals, oral or
 written, all negotiations, conversations, or discussions between or
 among parties relating to the subject matter of this Agreement and
 all past dealing or industry custom.

 30. Severability. If any provision of this Agreement is held to be
 illegal or unenforceable, that provision shall be limited or
 eliminated to the minimum extent necessary so that this Agreement
 shall otherwise remain in full force and effect and enforceable.

 31. Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in one or more
 counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original, but all of
 which taken together shall constitute one and the same instrument.

 -8-

 IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Parties have executed this Agreement on the
Effective Date.

INFOGRAMES ENTERTAINMENT S.A. INFOGRAMES, INC.

By: /s/ Bruno Bonnell By: /s/ David J. Fremed
 -------------------------- --------------------------

Name: Bruno Bonnell Name: David J. Fremed
 -------------------------- --------------------------

Title: CEO Title: Sr. VP & CFO
 -------------------------- --------------------------

 -9-

 SCHEDULE A

 PRE-APPROVED SUBLICENSING ARRANGEMENTS

 AFFILIATION WITH
COUNTRY/TERRITORY ENTITY INFOGRAMES (IF ANY)
----------------- ------ -------------------
 
None.

 -10-

 INFOGRAMES INTERACTIVE, INC.
 50 Dunham Road
 Beverly, Ma. 01915

 November 12, 2002

Infogrames, Inc.
417 Fifth Avenue
New York, New York 10016

 Re: Distribution Agreement

Gentlemen:

 Reference is made to the Distribution Agreement (the "Inter-Company
Distribution Agreement") between and among Infogrames Europe, SA and Infogrames
Entertainment, SA (together, "IESA") and Infogrames, Inc. ("Inc.") dated as of
October 2, 2000. Capitalized terms used herein without definition have the
meanings provide in the Inter-Company Distribution Agreement. The undersigned
parties hereby agree as follows:

 1. Although Infogrames Interactive, Inc. ("I-Cubed"), which is a
wholly-owned subsidiary of IESA, is not a signatory to the Inter-Company
Distribution Agreement, at all times since I-Cubed became a subsidiary of IESA
(i.e., as a result of the purchase by IESA of Hasbro Interactive, Inc., now know
as I-Cubed), the undersigned parties have been operating under and have
considered themselves bound by all terms and conditions contained in the
Inter-Company Distribution Agreement which are applicable to IESA or any
subsidiary thereof, including without limitation, those set forth in paragraph 3
below.

 2. I-Cubed hereby agrees to be bound by all of the provisions of the
Inter-Company Distribution Agreement which are applicable to IESA or any
subsidiary thereof, including without limitation, (i) the exclusive right of
Inc. to publish, manufacture, have manufactured, localize, adapt, market,
advertise, promote, publicize, distribute, sell, sublicense or otherwise exploit
all Products which I-Cubed has the right to distribute in the Territory, whether
licensed or owned by I-Cubed, through all channels of distribution in the
Territory under Section 2 thereof, (ii) Inc.'s royalty free license to use
I-Cubed's Trademarks under Section 3 thereof, and (iii) Inc.'s right to purchase
prepackaged Products from I-Cubed under Section 4 thereof.

 1

 INFOGRAMES INTERACTIVE, INC.

 By: /s/ Lisa S. Rothblum
 -------------------------------
 Name: Lisa Rothblum
 -----------------------
 Its: Senior Vice President
 -----------------------

ACKNOWLEDGED AND AGREED:

INFOGRAMES, INC.

By: /s/ Lisa S. Rothblum
 ----------------------------------
 Name: Lisa Rothblum
 -------------------------
 Its: Senior Vice President
 -------------------------

INFOGRAMES ENTERTAINMENT, SA

By: /s/ Bruno Bonnell
 ----------------------------------
 Name: Bruno Bonnell
 -------------------------
 Its: CEO
 -------------------------

INFOGRAMES EUROPE, SA

By: /s/ Bruno Bonnell
 ----------------------------------
 Name: Bruno Bonnell
 -------------------------
 Its: CEO
 -------------------------

 2