EX-10.11
8
w46067ex10-11.txt
DISTRIBUTION AGREEMENT DATED SEPTEMBER 25, 1995

 1
 Exhibit 10.11

ALTEON

 Alteon Inc.
 170 William Drive - Ramsey, NJ 07446
 (201) 934-5000- Fax (201) 934-8880

 DISTRIBUTION AGREEMENT

THIS AGREEMENT is made this 25th day of September, 1995 by and between ALTEON
INC. of 170 Williams Drive, Ramsey, New Jersey 07446, USA (hereinafter called
"Alteon") of the one part and ERYPHILE BV of Marten Meesweg 51, 3068 AV
Rotterdam, the Netherlands (hereinafter called "Eryphile") of the other part

WHEREAS :

(A) Alteon has developed and is the owner of the proprietary rights to the
 Product (as hereinafter defined), and

(B) Alteon and Eryphile desire to enter into an agreement pursuant to which
 Eryphile will have the sole and exclusive right to market, distribute
 and sell such Product in the Territory (as hereinafter defined)

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual covenants herein contained and
for good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are
hereby acknowledged, THE PARTIES HERETO AGREE as follows :

Grant and Acceptance of Rights

 1.01 Alteon, subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, hereby
 grants to Eryphile the sole and exclusive right to purchase the Product
 for re-sale in the Territory (as such terms "Product" and "Territory"
 are defined in Section 2), and Eryphile accepts such appointment. Said
 appointment shall mean that Alteon shall not appoint any third party
 for the promotion, distribution or sale of the Product (whether under
 Alteon's own or any other trademarks) in the Territory, and shall not
 itself distribute or sell the same in or to the Territory. Alteon shall
 refer to Eryphile all contacts for the sale of and any enquiries
 relating to the Product in the Territory.

 1.02 Eryphile shall be an independent contractor under this Agreement.
 Except as otherwise provided in this Agreement or expressly agreed
 between the parties hereafter in writing, Eryphile is not authorised
 to: (i) enter into agreements for or on behalf of Alteon; (ii) create
 any obligation or liability, express or implied, for or on behalf of
 Alteon; (iii) accept settlement of any debt or other obligation due or
 owed to Alteon; (iv) accept service of process for Alteon; or (v) bind
 Alteon in any manner or thing whatsoever; and Eryphile shall not list,
 print or display Alteon's name in such manner as to indicate or imply
 that there is an employer-employee or principal-agent relationship
 between Alteon and Eryphile. Distribution Agreement Page 2
 2
 Exhibit 10.11

Distribution Agreement Page 2

 1.03 Subject to its material compliance with all applicable laws and
 regulations and except as otherwise provided in this Agreement,
 Eryphile shall have full control over the manner and means of
 performing its obligations hereunder. All expenses incurred by Eryphile
 in connection with the performance of such obligations, including the
 appointment and remuneration of employees, agents or representatives,
 shall be the sole responsibility of Eryphile.

2. Product and Territory

 2.01 The Product is described in Exhibit A hereto, and includes any and all
 ancillary products relating thereto and any and all modifications,
 improvements, developments or replacements of or appertaining to such
 Product except that the Product shall in all events be therapeutic
 dosage forms only in finished product form only. The parties from time
 to time by mutual agreement in writing may add to such Exhibit any
 other existing or future product of Alteon.

 2.02 The "Territory" shall consist of the countries specified in Exhibit B
 hereto and such other countries (if any) as the parties from time to
 time to time may add to such Exhibit by mutual agreement in writing.

 2.03 Eryphile is not acquiring any rights to the Product outside the
 Territory. Accordingly, Eryphile shall not sell any Product to anyone
 outside the Territory, and shall not sell any Product to anyone in the
 Territory who either Eryphile or Alteon has reasonable grounds to
 believe might resell it outside the Territory or might permit any
 Product obtained by it to be transported outside the Territory.

 2.04 Alteon is and will at all times be the owner of all rights to the
 Product, including registrations with governmental authorities in the
 Territory, except for the distribution rights granted pursuant to this
 Agreement.

3. Promotion and Sale of Product

 During the term of this Agreement:

 3.01 Eryphile shall use its best efforts in the registration and related
 clinical testing, promotion, distribution and sale of the Product in
 the Territory. Such efforts in Israel and South Africa shall not be
 less than the efforts which it devotes to new products of comparable
 commercial promise in countries with comparable market opportunities.

 3.02 Eryphile shall organize and maintain a competent promotional and
 selling organization for the Product in the Territory, and hold an
 inventory of the Product sufficient to meet market demand therefor in
 the Territory without undue delay.
 3
 Exhibit 10.11

Distribution Agreement Page 3

 3.03 Alteon shall provide Eryphile with reasonable quantities of such
 English-language promotional and advertising material as it from time
 to time shall have available on the Product. On the basis of such
 material, Eryphile shall be responsible for the preparation of such
 local-language promotional and advertising material as may be required,
 such material to be subject to the reasonable prior approval of Alteon.
 Alteon shall also provide Eryphile with such quantities of samples of
 the Products as from time to time shall be reasonably agreed between
 the parties.

 3.04 Eryphile shall refer to Alteon all enquiries for the Product from
 outside the Territory.

 3.05 Alteon undertakes to provide Eryphile as and when appropriate with
 scientific, technical and clinical advice and information in relation
 to the Product, and to respond promptly and constructively to enquiries
 or recommendations made from time to time by Eryphile, whether on its
 own initiative or at the request of opinion leaders or other interested
 parties in the Territory, concerning the use of the Product or possible
 improvements or modifications thereof.

 3.06 Eryphile shall comply with all health registration laws, regulations
 and orders of any government authority within the Territory and with
 all other governmental requirements applicable to its sales activities
 with respect to the Product. Alteon shall furnish Eryphile with such
 assistance and cooperation as may reasonably be requested in connection
 with compliance with such governmental requirements, including without
 limitation the file of clinical and other data and such samples of the
 Product or its active ingredients as may be required for registration
 purposes. Eryphile shall also use its best efforts to obtain, at its
 own expense, any import license, foreign exchange permit, or other
 permit or approval it may need for the performance of its duties under
 this Agreement. In particular and whenever appropriate, Eryphile will
 proceed expeditiously to take all such steps as shall be reasonably
 necessary to obtain regulatory approval for each and every new
 application or therapeutic dosage form of the Product, including the
 conduct, at Eryphile's expense, of further clinical trials or similar
 procedures within the Territory to the extent (if any) required in each
 case. All registrations, licences, permits and other government
 approvals and filings relating to the Product shall specify that Alteon
 is the owner of the Product and of the registrations and all other
 rights to the Product except for the distribution rights granted
 pursuant to this Agreement.

 3.07 The Product shall be packaged and labelled for distribution and sale in
 the Territory in accordance with local law in a manner to be mutually
 agreed between the parties. Eryphile shall be entitled to have included
 on such packaging and labelling an indication that it is the
 territorial source of the Product.
 4
 Exhibit 10.11

Distribution Agreement Page 4

 3.08 Eryphile undertakes not, without the prior written consent of Alteon,
 to promote and sell in the Territory any product which is used for the
 same therapeutic purpose as the Product.

4. Planning & Minimum Standards

 4.01 Prior to 30th September of each year during the continuance of this
 Agreement, Eryphile will submit to Alteon a plan for the marketing,
 distribution and sale of the Product in the Territory during the next
 calendar year (hereinafter referred to as "the Plan"), the first such
 Plan to be annexed to this Agreement.

 4.02 The Plan will include, on a country by country basis, Eryphile's
 forecasted sales and marketing programme for the relevant year in
 respect of each therapeutic dosage form of the Product and will propose
 for such year in relation to Israel and South Africa respectively:

 4.2.1 a minimum purchase quota (hereinafter referred to as the
 "Minimum Quota"), and

 4.2.2 a minimum program of marketing efforts (hereinafter referred
 to as the "Minimum Program").

 4.03 The Minimum Quotas and Minimum Programs for the said countries for each
 calendar year will be finally established by mutual agreement between
 the parties prior to the first day of the relevant year, failing which
 an expert shall be appointed to resolve the open issues outstanding
 between the parties, such expert to be named by mutual agreement of the
 parties or, failing which and at the request of either party, by the
 Secretary-General of the International Chamber of Commerce.

 4.04 It is agreed with respect to Minimum Quotas that

 4.4.1 they shall not exceed seventy per cent (70%) of reasonable
 full purchase forecasts for the countries respectively
 concerned for each relevant year;

 4.4.2 in the fixing of Minimum Quotas in accordance herewith,
 reasonable regard shall be taken of the sales of the Product
 by Alteon or Alteon licensees in other comparable markets,
 according to the guidelines included in Exhibit B hereto.

 4.05 In the event that, in any calendar year, Eryphile shall fail in either
 Israel or South Africa to meet both the applicable Minimum Quota and
 Minimum Program, Alteon shall be entitled within ninety (90) days of
 the end of such year to serve a written
 5
 Exhibit 10.11

Distribution Agreement Page 5

 notice upon Eryphile, removing the country in question from the
 Territory with effect 120 days from the date of such notice, provided
 however that if Eryphile places orders with Alteon for Product within
 such 120 days, for delivery within 90 days, in quantities equal to or
 greater than the shortfall from the Minimum Quota during the prior
 calendar year plus any shortfall from the pro rata portion of the
 Minimum Quota for the current calendar year, such notice shall not take
 effect and that country shall remain within the Territory.

 4.06 In the event that Eryphile is no longer distributing the Product in
 either Israel or South Africa, its distribution rights for Bulgaria,
 Cyprus and Jordan shall be terminated and this Agreement shall be
 terminated.

5. Prices and Terms of Sale

 5.01 The price from Alteon to Eryphile for the Product will be established
 by Alteon, in reasonable consultation with Eryphile, once the Product
 is approved for sale in Israel. Alteon may change said price from time
 to time upon giving Eryphile written notice of the change at least
 ninety (90) days in advance of the effective date thereof. The new
 price will apply to all orders accepted by Alteon after said effective
 date, and also to orders accepted by Alteon prior to such date in the
 case of any quantities of the Product ordered for shipment more than
 ninety (90) days after that date. Alteon agrees, notwithstanding the
 foregoing, that the prices charged by it to Eryphile shall not exceed
 Alteon's lowest prices to other distributors for similar quantities.

 5.02 Alteon will use reasonable commercial efforts to meet each order for
 the Product placed by Eryphile on or before the requested shipment
 date, provided such date is at least sixty (60) days from the date on
 which Alteon receives the order. Orders from Eryphile shall be deemed
 accepted by Alteon unless rejected in writing within fourteen (14) days
 of receipt of order. Alteon reserves the right to specify a different
 reasonable shipment date by written notice to Eryphile given within
 such fourteen (14) days' period, failing which the shipment date
 requested by Eryphile shall be deemed accepted. Shipments shall be made
 pursuant to Eryphile's instructions; all deliveries shall be properly
 packed for overseas shipment. It is understood that Eryphile may use
 its normal purchase order form with respect to its purchases of the
 Product, which form may specify (inter alia) the quantity of the
 Product ordered, the method of shipment, the requested shipment
 date(s), and the destination to which shipment is to be made. Such form
 shall be used for convenience only, however, and any terms or
 conditions on such form which are inconsistent with the terms and
 conditions of this Agreement shall have no force or effect whatsoever
 as between the parties, regardless of whether Alteon might otherwise be
 deemed to have accepted such form by reason of its acknowledgement or
 execution thereof.
 6
 Exhibit 10.11

Distribution Agreement Page 6

 5.03 All payments due to Alteon from Eryphile for the Product hereunder
 shall be payable in US Dollars within ninety (90) days of date of
 invoice to such bank account as Alteon from time to time may designate.
 The terms of sale shall be FOB Alteon's warehouse. Eryphile agrees to
 pay and to hold Alteon harmless from all import duties, sales, use,
 excise or other taxes, and all costs of transportation, brokerage,
 handling and insurance, applicable to the delivery of the Product
 hereunder from point of shipment.

 5.04 During the term of this Agreement, if Eryphile so requests, Alteon will
 give reasonable consideration to modification of this Agreement to
 provide for the supply of Product in bulk form for repackaging in final
 dosage form by Eryphile, provided Alteon deems such arrangement to be
 in the best interests of both parties under terms and conditions
 acceptable to Alteon.

6. Term of Agreement and Termination

 6.01 Subject to earlier termination as provided for in this Section 6, this
 Agreement shall be for an initial period commencing on the date hereof
 and ending on the last day of the tenth (10th) year following the date
 upon which regulatory approval is issued for the sale of the Product in
 Israel. Thereafter, this Agreement shall automatically continue for
 further consecutive periods of three (3) years each, unless and until
 it is terminated on the last day of said initial period or of any such
 further period by one party serving upon the other party not less than
 one hundred and twenty (120) days' prior written notice to such effect.

 6.02 In the event of a material default by either party in the performance
 of any of its obligations under this Agreement, the other party shall
 have the right to give written notice to the defaulting party advising
 such party of the default involved. If the defaulting party shall not
 have remedied such default within ninety (90) days (or, in the case of
 the breach of a financial obligation, 30 days) after receipt of such
 notice, the other party shall have the right, in addition to any other
 rights or remedies it may have, to terminate this Agreement immediately
 upon giving a further written notice to the defaulting party.

 6.03 Either party may immediately terminate this Agreement at any time by
 giving written notice of such termination in the event that the other
 party is adjudged insolvent or institutes or permits to be instituted
 against it (without a dismissal thereof within 90 days) any proceedings
 in consequence of debt under any applicable law.

 6.04 Upon the effective date of termination of this Agreement for whatever
 reason, the right of Eryphile to promote, distribute and sell the
 Product in the Territory shall cease. Thereupon, Alteon shall
 re-purchase Eryphile's outstanding stock of the
 7
 Exhibit 10.11

Distribution Agreement Page 7

 Product in saleable condition at a price equivalent to Eryphile's
 landed cost therefor, FOB Eryphile's warehouse, provided, that Alteon
 shall not be required to purchase more than 50% of the amount of
 Product sold by Eryphile in the previous 12 months, and further
 provided that Alteon shall have no obligation to re-purchase any
 Product if the termination of this Agreement is on account of a breach
 of contract by Eryphile.

 6.05 Alteon shall continue to meet Eryphile's orders for the Product placed
 prior to the effective date of termination hereof, but no termination
 of this Agreement shall in any manner whatsoever release, or be
 construed as releasing, either party from any liability to the other
 arising out of or in connection with such party's breach of or failure
 to perform any covenant, undertaking or obligation contained in this
 Agreement.

7. Warranties

 Alteon warrants that the Product will be manufactured in accordance
 with generally accepted good manufacturing practices in the
 pharmaceutical industry, will meet its specifications and will be free
 from defects in materials or workmanship. Alteon shall promptly replace
 any Product found to be defective without charge or expense to
 Eryphile. Any such defective Product shall, at Alteon's election and
 cost, be either returned to Alteon or destroyed.

 Alteon makes no other warranty of any kind and excludes and disclaims,
 to the extent permitted by applicable law, any and all implied
 warranties, including (without limitation) those concerning the
 merchantability of the Product or its suitability for any particular
 purpose or use. Alteon excludes, in particular, any liability for
 indirect or consequential damages.

 Should Eryphile make any warranty or representation inconsistent with
 or in addition to the warranties of Alteon stated in this Section 7,
 Eryphile shall at its own expense defend and hold harmless Alteon from
 any claim to the extent it is based upon such inconsistent or
 additional warranty or representation.

8. Trademarks and Trade Names

 8.01 Eryphile recognizes the validity of Alteon's trademarks and trade names
 as set forth in Exhibit C hereto and such other trademarks and trade
 names as Alteon may designate for the Product, acknowledges that the
 same are the property of Alteon, and agrees not to infringe upon, harm
 or contest the rights of Alteon to its trademarks and trade names.
 8
 Exhibit 10.11

Distribution Agreement Page 8

 8.02 Eryphile shall not use any of Alteon's trademarks or trade names,
 except in conformity with this Agreement or as otherwise approved in
 writing by Alteon. Eryphile shall not use Alteon's trademarks or trade
 names in connection with any products other than the Product, but shall
 have the right during the continuance hereof to use the same in
 connection with the Product.

 8.03 Eryphile agrees that upon termination of this Agreement for any reason
 it will destroy or, at Alteon's option, return to Alteon any
 advertising, promotional or other materials bearing any of Alteon's
 trademarks or trade names.

 8.04 Alteon shall take prompt action at its expense to stop all
 infringements in the Territory of its trademarks and trade names
 (including court actions, if necessary) whenever it determines such to
 be commercially reasonable. If Alteon decides that it would not be
 commercially reasonable to take such action, Eryphile may do so, at its
 expense, in the names of both Alteon and Eryphile.

9. Intellectual Property Claims

 Alteon will defend, indemnify and hold harmless Eryphile against any
 and all third party claims of patent, trademark or other intellectual
 property infringement which may be asserted against Eryphile because of
 its marketing, advertising or sale of the Product in the Territory
 (except for claims of infringement of a trade name or trademark other
 than one covered by this Agreement). In such event, Alteon will bear
 all losses, damages, costs and expenses suffered or incurred by
 Eryphile in connection with any such claim and the defense thereof, or
 as a result of any settlement made or judgement rendered on the basis
 of such claim. Alteon shall have sole and exclusive control of the
 defense of any such claim and shall have the right to settle or
 compromise any claims on terms acceptable to Alteon. Notwithstanding
 the provisions of Section 6 of this Agreement, Alteon shall have right,
 upon notice to Eryphile, to withdraw the affected dosage form or forms
 of the Product from sale for any country for which such claim is made
 and to amend this Agreement accordingly.

10. Product Liability Claims

 Alteon shall defend, indemnify and hold harmless Eryphile against any
 and all product liability claims arising out of the use of the Product,
 except to the extent that such claims arise out of or relate to
 mishandling (including improper storage), modification or misuse of the
 Product, product claims which were not expressly approved by Alteon, or
 other negligence or wrongful action or inaction by Eryphile, its
 employees or agents. Eryphile shall give Alteon prompt notice of every
 complaint, claim or suit known to Eryphile concerning the Product, keep
 Alteon fully informed of the status of each, and afford Alteon
 reasonable access to its
 9
 Exhibit 10.11

Distribution Agreement Page 9

 records pertaining to such complaint, claim or suit. Alteon shall have
 the right to defend and control the defense of, or to settle, any such
 claim. Eryphile shall have the right, at its own expense, to
 participate in any such defense action or settlement negotiations.

 Eryphile shall likewise defend, indemnify and hold harmless Alteon as
 to any product liability claims arising out of the use of the Product
 in the Territory to the extent that such claims arise out of or relate
 to mishandling (including improper storage), modification or misuse of
 the Product, product claims which were not expressly approved by
 Alteon, or other negligence or wrongful action or inaction by Eryphile,
 its employees or agents.

11. Confidential Information

 Each party agrees that it will treat in the strictest confidence all
 oral and written communications from the other party which are
 designated, or which should reasonably be regarded in a normal
 commercial view, as constituting business secrets or proprietary
 information (hereinafter referred to as "Proprietary Information").
 Each party agrees to refrain from disclosing or making available to any
 third party and to refrain from using for any purpose other than the
 implementation of the Agreements between the parties any of the other
 party's Proprietary Information without such other party's prior
 written consent. Each party also agrees to reveal Proprietary
 Information only to those persons who have a need to know it in
 connection with the implementation of such Agreements and who are
 required to keep it confidential, and to impose upon its respective
 affiliates, employees and agents the same obligations with respect to
 said other party's Proprietary Information as it employs with respect
 to its own confidential information. The provisions of this Section
 shall survive the termination of this Agreement.

 Proprietary Information hereunder shall not, however, include
 information

 (i) which is in or enters the public domain through no breach of
 this Agreement, or

 (ii) which is known to the party receiving the same at the time of
 disclosure, as evidenced by such party's prior written
 records, or

 (iii) which such party may receive from a third party lawfully
 entitled to disclose the same.
 10
 Exhibit 10.11

Distribution Agreement Page 10

12. Miscellaneous Provisions

 12.01 Rights Cumulative

 Each and all of the respective rights and remedies of the parties
 hereunder shall be considered to be cumulative with and in addition to
 any other rights or remedies which such parties may have at law or in
 equity in the event of the breach of any of the terms of this
 Agreement. The exercise or partial exercise of any right, power or
 remedy shall neither constitute the exclusive election thereof, nor the
 waiver of any other right or remedy available to either party.

 12.02 Notices

 Any notice or other formal communication which either party may wish or
 be required to serve on the other party in connection with this
 Agreement shall be in writing and may be delivered by personal service
 or sent by registered or certified air mail, return receipt requested,
 with postage fully prepaid, provided that a copy of every such notice
 sent by mail shall be simultaneously transmitted by telefax.

 Notices shall be addressed as follows:

 If to Alteon:

 ALTEON Inc.
 170 Williams Drive
 Ramsey, NJ 07446 USA

 Telefax No: 1 - 201 - 934 0090

 If to Eryphile:

 ERYPHILE BV
 P.O.Box 2295
 3000 CG Rotterdam
 The Netherlands

 Telefax No: 31 - 20 - 661 0654

 Either party may from time to time, by notice in writing served upon
 the other as provided above, designate a change of address for the
 service of notices.

 Nothing contained in this Agreement shall excuse either party from
 giving oral notice to the other when prompt notification is
 appropriate, but such notice shall not satisfy the requirement of
 written notice as specified in this Section.
 11
 Exhibit 10.11

Distribution Agreement Page 11

 12.03 Severability

 If any provision of this Agreement is held to be void or unenforceable
 by or as a result of the decision of any court or other authority,
 which decision is binding upon the parties, the parties agree that such
 decision shall not result in the nullity or unenforceability of the
 remaining provisions of this Agreement. The parties further agree to
 use their mutual best efforts to replace such void or unenforceable
 provision in a manner which will achieve, to the extent possible, the
 economic, business and other purposes of said void or unenforceable
 provision.

 12.04 Force Majeure

 No failure to observe any of the terms or conditions of this Agreement
 shall be deemed to be a breach of this Agreement, if the same is caused
 by or arises out of one or more of the following conditions, namely:
 acts of God; acts, regulations or laws of any government or similar
 authority; war; civil commotion; destruction of facilities or materials
 by fire, earthquake or storm; labor disturbances; epidemics; failure of
 public utilities or of suppliers; or any other event, matter or thing
 wheresoever occurring and whether or not of the same class or kind as
 those set forth above, which is not reasonably within the control of
 the affected party. However, the parties shall endeavor to avoid or
 cure all such conditions, and any party temporarily excused from
 performance by such conditions shall resume performance promptly when
 such conditions are removed. Any party claiming any such conditions as
 an excuse for delay in performance shall give prompt notice in writing
 of such conditions to the other party. The parties, furthermore, while
 any such conditions shall prevail, will cooperate by reasonable mutual
 agreement to minimize the effects of such conditions by adopting any
 suitable temporary measures which may be available to them.

 12.05 Choice of Law

 The internal laws of the State of New Jersey, without reference to any
 principles concerning conflicts of law, shall govern the validity of
 this Agreement, the construction of its terms and the interpretation of
 the rights and duties of the parties hereunder.

 12.06 Arbitration

 Any dispute or claim in any way arising out of or relating to this
 Agreement shall be finally settled by arbitration under the Rules of
 Conciliation and Arbitration of the International Chamber of Commerce.
 In the event that the request for arbitration shall be submitted by
 Alteon, the arbitration shall be held in Tel-Aviv, Israel, and in the
 event that such request shall be made by Eryphile, the arbitration
 shall take
 12
 Exhibit 10.11

Distribution Agreement Page 12

 place in New Jersey, USA. The language to be used in the proceedings
 shall be English, and each party shall bear one half of the costs of
 the arbitration. The decision of the arbitrator(s) shall be definitive,
 binding and without appeal, and judgement upon the award rendered may
 be entered in any court of competent jurisdiction.

 12.07 Interpretation

 (i) The headings used at the beginnings of the Sections and
 certain sub-sections of this Agreement are for convenience
 only and form no part hereof. They are not to serve as a basis
 for interpretation or construction of this Agreement, nor as
 evidence of the intention of the parties.

 (ii) References in this Agreement to the plural shall where the
 context so admits include the singular, and vice versa.

 12.08 Counterparts

 This Agreement may be executed in separate counterparts, each of which
 shall be deemed an original and, when executed separately or together,
 shall constitute a single original instrument, effective in the same
 manner as if the parties had executed one and the same instrument.

 12.09 Waiver

 No waiver of any term or condition of this Agreement, whether by
 conduct or otherwise, in any one or more instances shall be deemed to
 be, or construed as a further or continuing waiver of any such term or
 condition, or as a waiver of any other term or condition of this
 Agreement.

 12.10 Entire Agreement

 This Agreement and the Clinical Testing Agreement between the parties
 of even date herewith are intended by the parties to be the final
 expression of their agreement as to the subject matter herein and
 therein, and constitute the entire understanding between them with
 respect thereto. They are a complete and exclusive statement of the
 terms and conditions of such understanding, and shall supersede any and
 all prior correspondence, conversations, negotiations, understandings
 or agreements relating to the same subject matter.
 13
 Exhibit 10.11

Distribution Agreement Page 13

 12.11 Amendments

 No change in, modification of or addition to the terms conditions
 contained in this Agreement shall be valid unless set forth in a
 written document signed by both parties, which specifically states that
 it constitutes an amendment hereto.

 12.12 Assignment

 Neither party to this Agreement shall assign or otherwise transfer any
 of its rights or obligations hereunder to any third party without the
 prior written approval of the other party, except that

 (a) Alteon may assign any or all of its rights and obligations
 hereunder to an Affiliate (as hereinafter defined), and

 (b) Eryphile may delegate or assign any or all of its rights and
 obligations hereunder to an Affiliate (as hereinafter defined)
 resident in the Territory, provided that

 (c) The Affiliate agrees in writing with the parties that it will
 be bound by all of the terms of the Agreement which impose
 obligations upon its assignor, and

 (d) The assigning party will remain fully responsible for the
 performance of the Affiliate to which it assigns its rights.

 "Affiliate" for the purposes hereof means a company controlling,
 controlled by or under common control with the party concerned,
 "control" meaning the holding of more than fifty per cent (50%) of the
 common voting stock or voting equity share capital of the relevant
 company.

 Eryphile, moreover, shall be entitled to engage sub-distributors in
 connection with its performance hereunder, but only upon terms and
 conditions which are consistent in all respects with those of this
 Agreement.

 Furthermore, Alteon may assign all of its rights and obligations
 hereunder without approval to any party to whom Alteon sells its
 related business assets.

 12.13 Successors and Assigns

 This agreement and all of its terms and conditions are intended to be
 fully effective and binding, to the extent permitted by applicable law,
 upon the successors and permitted assigns of the parties (including, in
 the case of Alteon, any successor in title to assets of Alteon which
 include rights in relation to the Product).
 14
 Exhibit 10.11

Distribution Agreement Page 14

 12.14 Exhibits

 All exhibits referred to in and attached to this Agreement are intended
 to be a part of this Agreement as if set forth in full in the text
 hereof.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, this Agreement has been signed by the duly authorized
signatories of the parties hereto the day and year first before written,

 ALTEON INC. ERYPHILE BV

by: /s/ James J. Mauzey by:
 ------------------- ---------------------------
 James J. Mauzey Director

Title: Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
 ---------------------------
 Director
 15
 Exhibit 10.11

Distribution Agreement Page 15

 EXHIBIT A

 Product

 PIMAGEDINE

 all dosage forms for therapeutic uses

 (including all existing and future indications therefor)

 EXHIBIT B

 Territory

 Israel (including Israeli-administered territories
 and the areas of Palestinian autonomy and
 any future political denominations of such
 territories and areas)

 Bulgaria
 Cyprus
 Jordan
 South Africa

 NOTE: Guidelines for the fixing of Minimum Quotas

 (a) in respect of Israel, the comparable market to be
 taken into account is Italy, and

 (b) in respect of South Africa (to the extent of that
 proportion of its population enjoying a standard of
 living equivalent to that prevailing in Western
 Europe), such comparable market is the United
 Kingdom,

 on a per capita basis in each case.
 16
 Exhibit 10.11

Distribution Agreement Page 16

 EXHIBIT C

 Trademarks & Trade Names

 ALTEON

 PIMAGEDINE

 trademark for Pimagedine to be determined