EX-10.25
2
dex1025.txt
DURECT SUPPLY AGREEMENT

 Exhibit 10.25

 DURECT SUPPLY AGREEMENT

 This Supply Agreement is made and entered into on and as of October 1st,
2000, by and between the Pharmaceutical Group division of Mallinckrodt Inc.
("Mallinckrodt") and DURECT Corporation ("DURECT").

 WHEREAS, DURECT has need of a certain narcotic compound known as Sufentanil
 ----------
Base (hereinafter "Product") and is desirous of having Product manufactured by
----
Mallinckrodt and of purchasing a substantial portion of its needs for Product
from Mallinckrodt, on the conditions set forth herein; and

 WHEREAS, Mallinckrodt is capable and desirous of undertaking the supply of
Product for DURECT in accordance with the terms and conditions set forth herein;

 NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the promises, covenants and
representations of the parties set forth herein, and other good and sufficient
consideration receipt of which is hereby acknowledged, DURECT and Mallinckrodt
agree as follows:

 1. Supply of Product.
 -----------------

 (a) For the consideration provided herein and in accordance with all
 terms, conditions, representations and warranties set forth
 herein, and for the term hereof, subject to the terms and
 conditions of this Agreement, Mallinckrodt will provide DURECT
 with such amounts of Product as DURECT shall request from time
 to time. Subject to Sections 5(a) and 7(d), DURECT, for its
 part, agrees that it will purchase at least [* * *] of its
 requirements for Product from Mallinckrodt hereunder during every
 Contract Year during the term hereof. For purposes of the
 immediately preceding sentence, "Contract Year" shall mean and
 refer to each consecutive twelve (12) month period during the
 term hereof beginning with the twelve month period commencing on
 October 1st, 2000 and ending on September 30th, 2001. All

 -1-

* Material has been omitted pursuant to a request for confidential treatment,
 and such material has been filed separately with the SEC.

 Product supplied hereunder shall be manufactured by Mallinckrodt
 strictly in accordance with current Good Manufacturing Practices
 ("cGMP") as determined by the Food and Drug Administration
 ("FDA") using the manufacturing process described in
 Mallinckrodt's batch records.

 (b) The specifications for Product (including, without limitation,
 specifications for all components and raw materials, whether
 active or inactive) are described on Exhibit A attached hereto.

 2. Raw Materials.
 -------------

 Subject to the provisions of Section 4 below, all raw materials and
 other resources required in connection with the production of Product
 to be supplied hereunder shall be provided by Mallinckrodt at its cost
 and expense.

 3. Quality Control.
 ---------------

 (a) Mallinckrodt will take all steps reasonably necessary to ensure
 that it has the facilities, equipment, instrumentation, resources
 and trained personnel to provide all raw materials, in-process
 and product assays, analysis and other testing as compliance with
 cGMP standards may require in connection with Mallinckrodt's
 supply of Product hereunder. Mallinckrodt shall provide a
 complete Certificate of Analysis and a Material Safety Data Sheet
 for each lot of Product supplied hereunder at the time of
 shipment.

 (b) Mallinckrodt shall maintain complete and accurate documentation
 of all validation data, stability testing data, batch records,
 quality control and laboratory testing and any other data
 required under cGMP or other FDA requirements (including without
 limitation regulations of the DEA), the requirements of other
 regulatory authorities of European countries listed in Exhibit B
 and the procedures set forth in any Drug Master File ("DMF") in
 connection with the supply of Product hereunder.

 -2-

* Material has been omitted pursuant to a request for confidential treatment,
 and such material has been filed separately with the SEC.

 (c) Mallinckrodt agrees that it will not engage in any act which
 causes any packaged and labeled Product produced by Mallinckrodt
 to become adulterated or misbranded within the meaning of the
 federal Food, Drug and Cosmetic Act, as amended.

 (d) Mallinckrodt shall test or cause to be tested each Lot of Product
 before delivery of such Lot to DURECT. Mallinckrodt shall retain
 a sample from each Lot of Product shipped to DURECT as required
 by FDA regulations.

 (e) Prior to commencing the supply of Product under this Agreement,
 Mallinckrodt agrees to have and to maintain during the term of
 this Agreement a DMF for the Product in accordance with the
 requirements of the FDA. Mallinckrodt hereby grants DURECT the
 right to reference Mallinckrodt's DMF and equivalent documents
 for the Product in DURECT's IND, NDA and any other applicable
 regulatory filings for products incorporating the Product.

 -3-

* Material has been omitted pursuant to a request for confidential treatment,
 and such material has been filed separately with the SEC.

 4. Pricing.
 -------

 (a) For each gram of Product supplied hereunder produced in
 accordance with the requirements hereof, DURECT shall pay
 Mallinckrodt in accordance with the following, in any [* * *]:

 (i) [* * *]

 (ii) [* * *]

 (iii) [* * *]

 (iv) [* * *]

 (v) [* * *]

 -4-

* Material has been omitted pursuant to a request for confidential treatment,
 and such material has been filed separately with the SEC.

 The Product Price set forth in the immediately preceding sentence
 shall be firm through [* * *], the date of [* * *] being
 hereinafter referred to as the "Adjustment Date". From and after
 the Adjustment Date, the Product Price shall be adjusted upward
 (if applicable) [* * *] (all of which costs are hereinafter
 referred to as "Product Costs"), in accordance with the following
 procedures. Within sixty (60) days prior to the end of each
 Contract Year hereunder during the term hereof, Mallinckrodt will
 notify DURECT in writing of the amount by which its Product Costs
 hereunder have increased during the immediately preceding
 Contract Year period and the adjusted Product Price to be charged
 for the Contract Year just commenced as a consequence of such
 increases ("Annual Adjustment Notice"). The amount of any
 increase in the Product Price as set forth in any Annual
 Adjustment Notice shall be effective for all Product invoiced by
 Mallinckrodt to DURECT in accordance herewith during the Contract
 Year for which such Annual Adjustment Notice is issued.
 Mallinckrodt agrees that DURECT can hire within sixty (60) days
 of any Annual Adjustment Notice, at its own expense, an
 independent third party, approved by Mallinckrodt, to audit
 Mallinckrodt's books and records to determine whether
 Mallinckrodt's increase in the Product Price complies with the
 terms of this Agreement.

 (b) At the time of shipment by Mallinckrodt to DURECT of any lot of
 Product hereunder, Mallinckrodt shall submit to DURECT an invoice
 setting forth the total amount of Product being shipped to DURECT
 and the amount due to Mallinckrodt under subsection (a) set forth
 immediately above with respect to such volume of Product. Each
 such invoice shall also contain the required certificates under
 Section 3(a) and a certification that the Product for which
 DURECT is being billed has been produced fully in conformance
 with applicable specifications, cGMP and the requirements hereof.
 Any such invoice shall be payable by DURECT within thirty (30)
 days after DURECT's receipt of such invoice.

 (c) Mallinckrodt agrees that in the event that the price for Product
 charged by Mallinckrodt to any other United States pharmaceutical
 customer is more

 -5-

* Material has been omitted pursuant to a request for confidential treatment,
 and such material has been filed separately with the SEC.

 favorable for the same quantity of like grade and quality than
 the Product Price to DURECT hereunder, and there are no terms or
 conditions that would reasonably compensate Mallinckrodt for
 offering such more favorable pricing for Product to the other
 party, then the Product Price to DURECT shall be adjusted to the
 price offered to such third party commencing from the date that
 Mallinckrodt offers such price to the other party.

 5. Forecasts, Order Placement and Delivery.
 ---------------------------------------

 (a) DURECT agrees to supply Mallinckrodt, on a quarterly basis, and
 beginning October 1, 2000, a rolling forecast of its requirements
 for Product during the next twenty four (24) months. The
 forecast for the next [* * *] is considered to be firm and
 binding meaning DURECT must take and pay for Product ordered.
 The forecast for the next [* * *] is non-binding and will be
 used by Mallinckrodt for production planning. At any time, if
 DURECT forecasts Product according to the procedure above and
 Mallinckrodt is unable to ship Product that is part of any firm
 and binding portion of a forecast within [* * *] of any agreed
 upon date or dates of shipment, then DURECT will be permitted to
 purchase from another supplier that amount of Product that was
 not shipped by Mallinckrodt within [* * *] days of an agreed
 upon date for shipment.

 (b) Product shall be ordered by DURECT only in writing.
 Mallinckrodt will not accept verbal orders of any kind for the
 production of Product. Any written work order will contain the
 following information: (i) the precise quantity of Product
 desired, (ii) dates by which the ordered Product must be ready
 for release by DURECT's quality assurance function and shipment,
 (iii) the anticipated shipping destination for any Product and
 (iv) such other information as DURECT wishes to provide or that
 Mallinckrodt might find reasonably necessary or useful in
 completing a specific work order. All work or purchase orders
 must be submitted by DURECT to Mallinckrodt in writing at least
 thirty (30) days in advance of the anticipated date of delivery
 by Mallinckrodt.

 -6-

* Material has been omitted pursuant to a request for confidential treatment,
 and such material has been filed separately with the SEC.

 (c) Product shall be delivered F.O.B. destination as specified by
 DURECT in its purchase order on the delivery date specified in
 the purchase order. Title to Product and risk of loss shall
 remain with Mallinckrodt until delivery to the specified
 destination. Mallinckrodt shall be responsible for selection of
 carrier. Product shall be shipped via overnight delivery unless
 destination location makes this not feasible. Mallinckrodt is
 responsible for all transportation and insurance charges.

 6. Acceptance and Rejection and Recalls.
 ------------------------------------

 (a) If DURECT reasonably determines that any Product is defective in
 material or workmanship, not in conformance with applicable
 specifications, is adulterated or misbranded, or is otherwise not
 in conformity with this Supply Agreement (Product meeting any or
 all of such circumstances hereinafter referred to as a "Defective
 Product"), then DURECT, in addition to any other rights it may
 have under this Supply Agreement, may reject and return any such
 Products to Mallinckrodt. At the time of any such rejection,
 DURECT shall provide Mallinckrodt with a written notice
 describing in detail the circumstances surrounding the rejection
 and DURECT's reasons therefor. If DURECT rejects any such
 Products it will, at Mallinckrodt's option, either return them to
 Mallinckrodt or destroy or dispose of them in the least expensive
 and most environmentally sound manner. In any event,
 Mallinckrodt shall be responsible for the costs of any such
 return, destruction or disposal. It is understood that DURECT's
 sole remedies hereunder in the event of a Defective Product it
 has rejected will either be (i) the replacement by Mallinckrodt
 of rejected Products that have either been returned or destroyed
 with Products that are not Defective Products, provided that such
 replacement is made as soon as practicable or (ii) a full refund
 of any amount paid hereunder by DURECT for such Defective
 Products.

 (b) Any Product received by DURECT from Mallinckrodt that has not
 been rejected by DURECT within sixty (60) days after receipt
 shall be deemed to have been accepted.

 -7-

* Material has been omitted pursuant to a request for confidential treatment,
 and such material has been filed separately with the SEC.

 (c) If DURECT reasonably decides to or is required to initiate a
 product recall, withdrawal or field correction with respect to,
 or if there is any governmental seizure of, its products
 containing any Product supplied hereunder which action is due, in
 whole or in part, to (i) a failure of any of the Product
 manufactured by Mallinckrodt hereunder to conform to applicable
 specifications (including, without limitation, it being
 adulterated or misbranded), or any warranty or other requirement
 set forth in this Supply Agreement, (ii) the failure by
 Mallinckrodt to comply in all material respects with any
 applicable law, rule, regulation, standard, court order or decree
 or (iii) the negligent or intentional wrongful act or omission of
 Mallinckrodt in connection with the production of Product
 hereunder, DURECT will notify Mallinckrodt promptly of the
 details regarding such action, including providing copies of all
 relevant documentation concerning such action. Mallinckrodt will
 assist DURECT in investigating any such situation and all
 regulatory contacts that are made and all activities concerning
 seizure, recall, withdrawal or field correction will be jointly
 coordinated by DURECT and Mallinckrodt.

 (d) If any such recall, withdrawal, field correction or seizure
 occurs due solely to (i) a failure of any Product sold by
 Mallinckrodt hereunder to conform to applicable specifications
 (including, without limitation, it being adulterated or
 misbranded) or any warranty or other requirement set forth in
 this Supply Agreement, (ii) the failure by Mallinckrodt to comply
 in all material respects with any applicable law, rule,
 regulation, standard, court order or decree or (iii) the
 negligent or intentional wrongful act or omission of Mallinckrodt
 in connection with the production of Product hereunder, then
 Mallinckrodt shall bear the full cost and expense of any such
 seizure, recall, withdrawal or field correction. If any such
 recall, withdrawal, field correction or seizure occurs due solely
 to (i) any pharmaceutical product manufactured, sold or
 distributed by DURECT that contains Product failing to conform to
 its applicable specifications (including, without limitation, it
 being adulterated or misbranded) or otherwise being defective,
 (ii) the failure of DURECT to comply in all material respects
 with any applicable law, rule,

 -8-

* Material has been omitted pursuant to a request for confidential treatment,
 and such material has been filed separately with the SEC.

 regulation, standard, court order or decree or (iii) the
 negligent or intentional wrongful act or omission of DURECT, then
 DURECT shall bear the full cost and expense of any such seizure,
 recall, withdrawal or field correction. If both Mallinckrodt and
 DURECT contribute to the cause of a seizure, recall, withdrawal
 or field correction, the cost and expenses thereof will be shared
 in proportion to each party's contribution to the problem.

 7. Regulatory Compliance.
 ---------------------

 (a) Mallinckrodt will comply in all material respects with all
 federal, state and local laws, regulations and standards
 applicable to production by Mallinckrodt and its performance of
 its obligations hereunder.

 (b) Mallinckrodt will promptly furnish DURECT with pertinent portions
 of all FDA inspection reports and related correspondence directly
 related to and affecting its performance hereunder as and when
 such reports and correspondence become available to Mallinckrodt.

 (c) Mallinckrodt will notify DURECT immediately of any warning
 (including any FDA Form 483), citation, indictment, claim,
 lawsuit or proceeding issued or instituted by any federal, state
 or local governmental entity or agency against Mallinckrodt or
 any of its affiliates or of any revocation of any license or
 permit issued to Mallinckrodt or any of its affiliates, to the
 extent that any such occurrence relates directly to
 Mallinckrodt's performance hereunder.

 (d) Both party's obligations hereunder are subject to obtaining and
 maintaining the necessary DEA quota. Mallinckrodt shall promptly
 apply for, and use best efforts to obtain, an increase in its DEA
 quota for the manufacture of the Product sufficient to process
 any order for Product hereunder and DURECT shall cooperate with
 Mallinckrodt in its efforts to obtain such an increase.

 8. Certain Representations and Warranties of Mallinckrodt.
 ------------------------------------------------------

 -9-

* Material has been omitted pursuant to a request for confidential treatment,
 and such material has been filed separately with the SEC.

 (a) Mallinckrodt represents and warrants that all Product sold
 hereunder will (i) be produced in compliance with cGMPs
 applicable to the Product, and (ii) will meet all specifications.

 (b) Mallinckrodt represents and warrants that there is no claim,
 suit, proceeding or investigation pending or, to the knowledge of
 Mallinckrodt, threatened against Mallinckrodt or any of its
 affiliates which might prevent or interfere with Mallinckrodt's
 performance under this Supply Agreement.

 (c) Mallinckrodt represents and warrants to DURECT that Product sold
 hereunder by Mallinckrodt will not be:

 (i) in violation of Sections 5 or 12 of the Federal Trade
 Commission Act or improperly labeled under applicable
 Federal Trade Commission Trade Practice Rules, as and to
 the extent applicable hereunder,

 (ii) adulterated or misbranded within the meaning of the federal
 Food, Drug and Cosmetic Act, as amended, or within the
 meaning of any applicable state or municipal law in which
 the definitions of adulteration and misbranding are
 substantially identical with those contained in the federal
 Food, Drug and Cosmetic Act, or articles which may not
 under the provisions of Sections 404 or 505 of said Act be
 introduced into interstate commerce or which may not under
 substantially similar provisions of any state or municipal
 law be introduced into commerce,

 (iii) manufactured or sold in violation of the federal Controlled
 Substances Act, as amended, or any applicable state law,

 (iv) manufactured or sold in violation of any of the provisions
 of the Fair Labor Standards Act of 1938, as amended,

 -10-

* Material has been omitted pursuant to a request for confidential treatment,
 and such material has been filed separately with the SEC.

 (v) manufactured in violation of any applicable federal, state
 or local environmental law or regulation, or

 (vi) manufactured in violation of any agreement (commercial or
 otherwise), judgment, order or decree to which Mallinckrodt
 is a party.

 (d) Mallinckrodt certifies that neither it nor any of its affiliates
 nor any member of their staff has been disqualified or debarred
 by the FDA for any purpose.

 (e) Mallinckrodt warrants and represents that neither it nor any of
 its affiliates nor any member of their staff have been charged
 with or convicted under federal law for conduct relating to the
 development or approval, or otherwise relating to the regulation
 of any drug product under the Generic Drug Enforcement Act of
 1992 or any other relevant statute, law or regulation.

 -11-

* Material has been omitted pursuant to a request for confidential treatment,
 and such material has been filed separately with the SEC.

 (f) EXCEPT AS SET FORTH HEREIN ABOVE, MALLINCKRODT MAKES NO OTHER
 WARRANTY OR REPRESENTATION, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, CONCERNING ITS
 PERFORMANCE OR THE PRODUCT SUPPLIED HEREUNDER, INCLUDING ANY
 WARRANTY OF MERCHANTIBILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE
 WITH RESPECT TO "PRODUCT". EXCEPT FOR THE OBLIGATIONS OF THE
 PARTIES UNDER SECTION 6(d) HEREOF, UNDER NO CIRCUMSTANCES WILL
 EITHER MALLINCKRODT OR DURECT BE LIABLE HEREUNDER FOR
 CONSEQUENTIAL, INDIRECT, EXEMPLARY OR SPECIAL DAMAGES OR ANY KIND
 (INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, LOST PROFITS), WHETHER OR NOT IN
 ANY PARTICULAR CIRCUMSTANCE SUCH DAMAGES ARE FORESEEABLE AND
 WHETHER OR NOT THE OTHER PARTY HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE
 POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES.

 9. Manufacturing Changes.
 ---------------------

 Mallinckrodt shall report to DURECT any significant changes related to
 the Product DMF that would required an NDA supplement from DURECT.
 Mallinckrodt will supply DURECT unmodified Product for a maximum of
 eighteen (18) months after DURECT is informed in writing of a
 significant DMF change requiring prior approval.

 10. Facility Access.
 ---------------

 DURECT, through its employees, consultants or other representatives,
 will have the right during normal business hours and upon advance
 arrangement with Mallinckrodt to inspect Mallinckrodt's manufacturing
 operations to determine whether or not Mallinckrodt is complying in
 all respects with its obligations hereunder. Without limiting the
 foregoing, Mallinckrodt shall permit representatives of DURECT (i) to
 inspect Mallinckrodt's manufacturing and other facilities applicable
 to the performance of this agreement and (ii) to review

 -12-

* Material has been omitted pursuant to a request for confidential treatment,
 and such material has been filed separately with the SEC.

 Mallinckrodt's standard operating procedures for the manufacture of
 the Product, and (iii) Mallinckrodt's testing procedures and testing
 records relative to the manufacture of Product. DURECT warrants that
 all such inspections and audits shall be carried out in a manner
 calculated not to unreasonably interfere with Mallinckrodt's conduct
 of business and to insure the continued confidentiality of
 Mallinckrodt's business and technical information. Further, DURECT
 agrees to comply with all of Mallinckrodt's safety and security
 requirements and audit policies during any visits to the Mallinckrodt
 facilities.

 Mallinckrodt shall notify DURECT as soon as possible in writing in the
 event any action is taken or threatened by the FDA, the DEA or any
 other regulatory agency relating to the manufacture of the Product,
 including any inspection report, or any review resulting in the
 issuance of a Form 483, or a warning letter.

 11. Force Majeure.
 -------------

 Neither party to this Supply Agreement shall be liable for or be in
 breach of any provision hereof for any failure or delay on its part to
 perform any obligation (other than the obligation to make payments
 when due) under any provision of this Supply Agreement because of an
 event of "force majeure", including, but not limited to, any act of
 God, fire, flood, explosion, unusually severe weather, war,
 insurrection, riot, sabotage, labor unrest, strikes or work stoppages
 or any other cause whatsoever, whether similar or dissimilar to those
 enumerated herein, beyond any reasonable possibility of control of
 such party, if and only if the party affected shall have used all
 reasonable efforts under the circumstances to avoid such occurrence
 and to remedy it promptly if it shall have occurred. If an event of
 force majeure causes a failure or delay in performance hereunder by
 Mallinckrodt for more than one hundred eighty (180) continuous days,
 DURECT, at its option, may (i) terminate this Supply Agreement
 effective upon written notice to Mallinckrodt or (ii) may extend the
 delivery or performance period by the amount of time during which such
 delivery or performance was omitted or delayed.

 -13-

* Material has been omitted pursuant to a request for confidential treatment,
 and such material has been filed separately with the SEC.

 12. Relationship of Parties.
 -----------------------

 For all purposes hereof, Mallinckrodt shall be deemed to be an
 independent contractor and this Supply Agreement shall not create an
 agency, partnership, joint venture, or employer/employee relationship
 between DURECT and Mallinckrodt, and nothing hereunder shall be deemed
 to authorize either party hereto to act for, represent or bind the
 other or any of its affiliates except as expressly provided in this
 Supply Agreement.

 13. Confidentiality.
 ---------------

 (a) DURECT and Mallinckrodt shall maintain in confidence and not use
 or disclose to any third party, except as is specifically
 contemplated herein or is otherwise necessary to perform their
 respective obligations under this Supply Agreement, and then only
 on a confidential basis satisfactory to both parties, any
 information, including without limitation the terms of this
 Agreement, business and technical information, experience or data
 regarding any facility, programs, laboratories, processes,
 products, costs, equipment operation or customers, in any case
 relating to the manufacture or sale of Product hereunder. The
 foregoing obligations of confidentiality and non-use shall
 survive the termination or expiration of this Supply Agreement
 for a period of five (5) years. Nothing herein shall prevent
 either party from disclosing any information required by statute
 or governmental regulations to be disclosed publicly pursuant to
 security regulations or in a judicial or administrative
 proceeding after all reasonable legal remedies for limiting
 disclosure and/or maintaining such information in confidence have
 been practically exhausted or from using information which (i)
 has been published or has become part of the public domain other
 than by acts, omissions or fault of such party, (ii) was lawfully
 received by such party from a third party free of any obligation
 of confidence to such third party, (iii) or a party can
 demonstrate from its records was already in its possession prior
 to receipt thereof, directly or indirectly, from the other party.
 The party asserting the applicability of one of the exclusions
 from the obligation of

 -14-

* Material has been omitted pursuant to a request for confidential treatment,
 and such material has been filed separately with the SEC.

 confidentiality set forth in the immediately preceding sentence
 shall have the burden of proving the applicability of any such
 exclusion in any particular circumstance.

 (b) Each party acknowledges that any breach by it of the
 confidentiality obligations set forth in this Section 13 would
 cause the other party irreparable harm for which compensation by
 monetary damages would be inadequate and, therefore, the party
 that has been harmed by any such breach shall have the right to
 an injunction or decree for specific performance, in addition to
 any other rights and remedies such party may have at law or in
 equity.

 14. Indemnification.
 ---------------

 (a) Subject to the provisions of Section 8(f) hereof, Mallinckrodt
 (on behalf of itself and its affiliates) hereby agrees to
 indemnify, defend and hold harmless DURECT and its affiliates
 from and against any and all demands, claims, actions, causes of
 action, assessments, losses, damages, injuries, liabilities,
 costs and expenses, including without limitation, interest,
 penalties and reasonable attorneys' fees and expenses
 (collectively "Damages") asserted against, resulting to, imposed
 upon or incurred by DURECT or its affiliates, directly or
 indirectly related to, arising out of or resulting from:

 (i) any breach or failure of any of the representations,
 warranties and covenants of Mallinckrodt contained herein,
 including (without limitation) any breach or failure by
 Mallinckrodt to perform any obligations contained herein,
 and

 (ii) any failure of Mallinckrodt to observe or comply in all
 material respects with any laws, rules or regulations
 directly related to Mallinckrodt's performance hereunder.

 (b) Subject to the provisions of Section 8(f) hereof, DURECT hereby
 agrees to indemnify, defend and hold harmless Mallinckrodt and
 any of its affiliates

 -15-

* Material has been omitted pursuant to a request for confidential treatment,
 and such material has been filed separately with the SEC.

 from and against any and all Damages asserted against, resulting
 to, imposed upon or incurred by Mallinckrodt, directly or
 indirectly related to, arising out of or resulting from:

 (i) any breach or failure of any of the representations,
 warranties and covenants of DURECT contained herein,

 (ii) any failure of DURECT to observe or comply in all material
 respects with any laws, rules or regulations directly
 related to DURECT's performance hereunder, and

 (iii) DURECT's or DURECT's agents', distributors' or customers'
 use, processing, transportation, possession, disposal or
 sale of any dosage product manufactured by DURECT, whether
 containing Product or not, and whether used alone or in
 combination with any other material.

 15. Term and Termination.
 --------------------

 (a) Unless sooner terminated in accordance herewith , the initial
 term of this Supply Agreement shall be for a period of four (4)
 years commencing on October 1st , 2000 and ending on September
 30th, 2004, and shall automatically be renewed for additional one
 (1) year terms thereafter unless either party shall give written
 notice to the other, at least one (1) year prior to the end of
 the initial term or any renewal term, that it does not wish the
 Supply Agreement to be renewed for an additional one (1) year
 period.

 (b) In addition to any other right of termination specifically
 provided for hereunder, this Supply Agreement may be terminated
 by either party for cause upon thirty (30) days written notice to
 the other. For purposes of the preceding sentence, "cause" shall
 mean (without limitation):

 (i) any material breach of this Agreement by a party which shall
 go uncorrected for a period of thirty (30) days after
 written notice of such

 -16-

* Material has been omitted pursuant to a request for confidential treatment,
 and such material has been filed separately with the SEC.

 breach has been given to the defaulting party, including
 Sections 3a, 3b, and 7c,

 (ii) the institution by a party of voluntary proceedings in
 bankruptcy or under any insolvency law or law for the
 relief of debtors,

 (iii) the making by a party of an assignment for the benefit of
 creditors or any dissolution or liquidation,

 (iv) the filing of an involuntary petition under any bankruptcy
 or insolvency law against a party, unless such petition is
 dismissed or set aside within sixty (60) days from the date
 of its filing, or

 (v) the appointment of a receiver or trustee for the assets or
 business of a party, unless such appointment is dismissed
 or set aside within sixty (60) days from the date of such
 appointment.

 (c) This Agreement may be terminated by DURECT upon 60 days' written
 notice at any time upon DURECT's reasonable determination that
 the price charged by Mallinckrodt for Product hereunder is higher
 than the prevailing price for Product from Mallinckrodt to other
 United States Pharmaceutical customers for similar quantities of
 like grade and quality Product or in the event that DURECT, at
 its sole discretion, ceases to develop or commercialize any
 products incorporating the Product.

 (d) The representations and warranties of the parties hereunder,
 covenants which by their terms have effect after the termination
 or expiration hereof, and the parties' indemnification and
 confidentiality obligations shall survive termination or
 expiration of this Supply Agreement.

 -17-

* Material has been omitted pursuant to a request for confidential treatment,
 and such material has been filed separately with the SEC.

 (e) In the event of any termination of this Supply Agreement, for
 whatever reason, and notwithstanding the effective date of any
 termination, Mallinckrodt shall complete any orders for Product
 that were made by DURECT and accepted by Mallinckrodt prior to
 such date, and DURECT shall pay Mallinckrodt for any Product
 produced in accordance with such orders at the then applicable
 Product Price in effect on the effective date of termination
 hereunder. In addition, provided that a firm order is delivered by
 DURECT no later than thirty (30) days after the effective date of
 any termination, Mallinckrodt shall supply to DURECT at the
 Product Price in effect on the effective date of termination the
 quantity of Product as specified by DURECT in said firm order to
 be delivered no later than twelve (12) months after Mallinckrodt's
 receipt of the order from DURECT.

 16. Remedies Cumulative.
 -------------------

 Except as and when expressly stated, the remedies provided in this Supply
 Agreement shall be cumulative and shall not preclude assertion by any
 party hereto of any other rights (whether legal or equitable in nature)
 or the seeking of any other remedies against any other party hereto.

 -18-

* Material has been omitted pursuant to a request for confidential treatment,
 and such material has been filed separately with the SEC.

 17. Binding Effect and Assignment.
 -----------------------------

 This Supply Agreement shall inure to the benefit of and be binding upon
 the parties hereto, their successors and assigns; provided, however, that
 neither party shall, without the prior written consent of the other
 party, assign or transfer any of its rights, benefits, obligations, or
 other interest under this Supply Agreement to any other party, except
 that, without seeking the consent of the other party, either Mallinckrodt
 or DURECT may assign this Supply Agreement to any entity or person it
 controls, it is controlled by or is under common control with, and that,
 without seeking the consent of the party, either party may transfer this
 Agreement to an acquirer of all or substantially all of the assets and
 business to which this Agreement relates, except that no such assignment
 without consent shall be permitted if a DURECT acquirer is a direct
 competitor of Mallinckrodt in the supply of bulk material to which
 Mallinckrodt reasonably objects in writing within thirty (30) days after
 written notice from DURECT of the intended acquisition.

 18. Notice.
 ------

 All notices, consents, approvals or other notifications required to be
 sent by one party to the other party hereunder shall be in writing and
 shall be deemed served upon the other party if delivered by hand or sent
 by United States registered or certified mail, postage prepaid, with
 return receipt requested, or by facsimile, air courier or telex,
 addressed to such other party at the address set out below, or the last
 address of such party as shall have been communicated to the other party.
 If a party changes its address, written notice shall be given promptly to
 the other party of the new address. Notice shall be deemed given on the
 day it is sent (in the case of delivery by method other than hand
 delivery) or the date of delivery (in the case of delivery by hand) in
 accordance with the provisions of this paragraph. The addresses for
 notices are as follows:

 -19-

* Material has been omitted pursuant to a request for confidential treatment,
 and such material has been filed separately with the SEC.

 If to Mallinckrodt:

 Mallinckrodt Inc.
 c/o Pharmaceuticals Group
 675 McDonnell Boulevard
 Hazelwood, Missouri 63042
 Attn: Michael J. Collins
 President
 Pharmaceuticals

 with a copy to:

 Mallinckrodt Inc.
 675 McDonnell Boulevard
 Hazelwood, Missouri 63042
 Attn: C. Stephen Kriegh
 Staff Vice President

 If to DURECT:

 DURECT Corp.
 10240 Bubb Road
 Cupertino, CA 95014
 Attn: General Counsel

 -20-

* Material has been omitted pursuant to a request for confidential treatment,
 and such material has been filed separately with the SEC.

 19. Governing Law and Jurisdiction.
 -------------------------------

 This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with
 the laws of the State of New York, without reference to its conflict
 of laws provisions that might apply to the law of another
 jurisdiction.

 20. Waiver.
 ------

 The failure by any party to exercise any of its rights hereunder or to
 enforce any of the terms or conditions of this Supply Agreement on any
 occasion shall not constitute or be deemed a waiver of that party's
 rights thereafter to exercise any rights hereunder or to enforce each
 and every term and condition of this Supply Agreement.

 21. Modifications.
 -------------

 This Supply Agreement may not be amended or modified except by a
 writing specifically referring to this Supply Agreement and executed
 by duly authorized representatives of both parties. The obligations
 of the parties are governed by the terms and conditions of this Supply
 Agreement and none of the general terms and conditions of any DURECT
 purchase order or any Mallinckrodt acknowledgment or any substantially
 similar documents of either party will in any case be controlling or
 supersede the provisions hereof.

 22. Severability.
 ------------

 A determination that any portion of this Supply Agreement is
 unenforceable or invalid shall not affect the enforceability or
 validity of any of the remaining portions hereof or of this Supply
 Agreement as a whole. In the event that any part of any of the
 covenants, sections or provisions herein may be determined by a court
 of law or equity to be overly broad or against applicable precedent or
 public policy, thereby making such covenants, sections or provisions
 invalid or unenforceable, the parties shall attempt to reach agreement
 with respect to a valid and enforceable substitute

 -21-

* Material has been omitted pursuant to a request for confidential treatment,
 and such material has been filed separately with the SEC.

 for the deleted provisions, which shall be as close in its intent and
 effect as possible to the deleted portions.

 23. Headings.
 --------

 The parties agree that the section and article headings are inserted
 only for ease of reference, shall not be construed as part of this
 Supply Agreement, and shall have no effect upon the construction or
 interpretation of any part hereof.

 24. Counterparts.
 ------------

 This Supply Agreement may be executed in several counterparts, and
 each executed counterpart shall be considered an original of this
 Supply Agreement.

 25. Entire Agreement.
 ----------------

 This Supply Agreement represents the entire agreement and
 understanding of the parties hereto with respect to its subject matter
 and supersedes any and all prior agreements, understanding or
 discussions, whether written or oral, between the parties.

 IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Supply Agreement to
be executed as of the day and year first above written.

 MALLINCKRODT INC.
DURECT CORPORATION Pharmaceuticals Group

By: /s/ James B. Brown By: /s/ Michael J. Collins
 ------------------ -----------------------
 James E. Brown Michael J. Collins, Senior Vice President
 President and CEO & President, Pharmaceuticals Group

 -22-

* Material has been omitted pursuant to a request for confidential treatment,
 and such material has been filed separately with the SEC.

 EXHIBIT A

 PRODUCT SPECIFICATIONS

Appearance [* * *]

Identification [* * *]

Water [* * *]

Assay by Titration [* * *]

Assay by HPLC [* * *]

OVI [* * *]

Ethanol [* * *]

Sulphated Ash [* * *]

Heavy Metals (Pb) [* * *]

 -1-

* Material has been omitted pursuant to a request for confidential treatment,
 and such material has been filed separately with the SEC.

 EXHIBIT B

 [* * *]
 ------------------

[* * *]
[* * *]
[* * *]
[* * *]
[* * *]
[* * *]
[* * *]
[* * *]

 -2-

* Material has been omitted pursuant to a request for confidential treatment,
 and such material has been filed separately with the SEC.