(Chinese translation has been omitted) 

DISTRIBUTION CONTRACT 

July 30, 2008 

Contract No.: 860172

Entered into by and between

CEEG (Shanghai) Solar Science Technology Co., Ltd. (CEEG SST) 

4H, No. 2272 Hongqiao Rd 

Hongqiao Business Center 

Shang Hai, P.R.China 

Tel: (+86)21-62376999 

Fax: (+86)21-62377038 

(Hereinafter referred to as the " PRINCIPAL " or " CEEG SST ") 

And

Sunvalley Solar, Inc 

398 Lemon Creek Rd. Suite A 

Walnut. CA91788, USA 

Tel: + 1-626-991-6898 

(Hereinafter referred to as the " DISTRIBUTOR " or " SSI ") 

PRINCIPAL AND DISTRIBUTOR will be called as the " Party "
individually and " Parties " collectively hereunder.

Recitals 

The PRINCIPAL is registered under Business
Act of China and manufactures crystalline pholovoltaic modules at its wholly-owned manufacturing plants in P. R. China in the brand
name of "CEEG Solar Science Technology" or "CEEG SST".

(Chinese translation has been omitted) 

The DISTRIBUTOR is registered under Federal
Act of USA in California and is the solar power technology and system design and integration company active in the photovoltaic
market. Among other business activities, the DISTRIBUTOR distributes solar equipments including solar module and carries out various
solar system integration projects in USA market.

The DISTRIBUTOR desires to act as a preferred
DISTRIBUTOR of PRINCIPAL's Mono/Poly Crystalline PV Modules (hereinafter referred to as "Module" or "Modules"
or "Products") throughout States in USA and promote the sale of Products from the PRINCIPAL in USA.

The PRINCIPAL desires to deliver and sell said
Modules to the DISTRIBUTOR and provide sales aids to the DISTRIBUTOR.

NOW, THEREFORE , the Parties agree as
follows:

I. Territory 

The PRINCIPAL grants a nonexclusive distribution
right to the DISTRIBUTOR to distribute the Products in the United States of America. The PRINCIPAL also grants more support to
DISTRIBUTOR within States of Nevada, Texas and Arizona in the United States of America.

II. Type and Quantity of Modules, Prices,
Delivery Time 

Each detailed transaction will be arranged
by the PRINCIPAL and DISTRIBUTOR through a specific purchase order including Types and quantities of the Modules which the DISTRIBUTOR
needs, together with the applicable specification, the prices, and the desired time of delivery after reached agreement by Parties.
But the stipulations set forth in this Contract apply in case of any contradiction with the said purchase orders.

2 

(Chinese translation has been omitted) 

All orders from DISTRIBUTOR are subject to
approval and final acceptance by PRINCIPAL. Price shall be set quarterly and revised from time to time by PRINCIPAL at its sale
discretion. For non-standard Products which are sold to DISTRIBUTOR for resale, the price shall be quoted to DISTRIBUTOR at time
of inquiry, provided that the inquiry is within thirty (30) calendar days of order entry.

The PRINCIPAL shall provide some dummy modules
or small size modules of same product and other marketing materials to the DISTRIBUTOR for marketing purpose.

III. Labeling 

1. The Product labels and trademarks of each
Module shall state the PRINCIPAL's name, each Module's serial number, indicate the nominal output as well as current and voltage
characteristics at standard test conditions (STC) of the type of Module concerned and bear a clear warning against hazardous behavior.

2. The DISTRIBUTOR shall not, without the prior
written consent of the PRINCIPAL, alter or make any addition to the labeling or packaging of the Products displaying the Trade
Marks, and shall not alter, deface or remove in any manner any reference to the Trade Marks, any reference to the PRINCIPAL or
any other name attached or affixed to the Products or their packaging or labeling.

3 

(Chinese translation has been omitted) 

IV. Port of Shipment/Port of Destination 

The port of shipment shall be Shanghai, P.R.
China or any other Chinese ports determined by the PRINCIPAL from time to time.

The port of destination will be the major USA
ports. The DISTRIBUTOR shall timely notify the PRINCIPAL of the port of destination for every single shipment.

V. Packing/Shipping Mark 

1. The packing shall be in accordance with
the international packing standards (no wood package, for example) and suitable for long distance ocean shipping freight transportation
and shall be well protected against moisture and shocks as well as disinfected. The well-packed PV-modules shall be shipped in
containers. The relevant service and operation instructions shall be enclosed.

2. The PRINCIPAL shall mark on each package
with fadeless paint tne package number, gross weight, net weight, measurement of the package as well as of each single Module,
the serial number and wattage of each single Module in the package concerned, the name of the Module type, the port of destination
and the wordings or imaged indications representing: “Keep Away from Moisture”, “Handle with Care” etc.

4 

(Chinese translation has been omitted) 

VI. TITLE AND RISK OF LOSS/INSURANCE 

1. Risks of loss or damage, as well as any
additional costs due to events occurring after the time of delivery shall pass to the DISTRIBUTOR on delivery in accordance with
C.I.F. Incoterms 2000.

2. The PRINCIPAL also has to procure marine
insurance against the DISTRIBUTOR's risk of loss of or damage to the Products during the carriage only on minimum insurance coverage
in accordance with C.I.F Incoterms 2000.

3. The DISTRIBUTOR shall at its own cost maintain
insurance coverage against all risks which would normally be insured against by a prudent businessman in respect of products supplied
to it commencing from the time when the Products surpass the rail of the carrying vessel and extending until such time as title
in the Products passes to the DISTRIBUTOR in accordance with Par.1 above.

VII. Price and Terms of Payment 

1. The price for each individual transaction
shall be fixed through negotiations between PRINCIPAL and DISTRIBUTOR, and subject to PRINCIPAL's final confirmation. All invoices
shall be in U.S. Dollars. To the extent that there is any conflict between the terms and conditions of this Agreement and of any
invoices, the terms of this Agreement shall apply. In the event that market conditions change. the Parties shall review the PRINCIPAL's
prices and make reasonable adjustments to allow the DISTRIBUTOR to maintain its competitive position in the market. Notwithstanding
the foregoing, all price increases shall be effective upon a minimum of one (1) month's written notice.

5 

(Chinese translation has been omitted) 

3. The PRINCIPAL shall grant the DISTRIBUTOR
fifty (50) days payment term from the date that the goods has been delivered to the destination port, at which time payment shall
be due and payable from the DISTRIBUTOR to the PRINCIPAL.

VIII. Documents 

The PRINCIPAL shall send the following documents
immediately to the DISTRIBUTOR via an international bank for the respective shipment.

1. Full set (including 3 originals) of shipped
on board Bill of Ladings made out to this Contract and blank endorsed and consigned to the DISTRIBUTOR, marked "Freight Prepaid".

2. Signed Commercial Invoice in 2 originals
indicating contract number issued by the PRINCIPAL. Packing list (including 3 originals) with indication of weights, measurements
and quantity issued by the PRINCIPAL.

3. Flash reports stating the Module type, serial
number, Isc, Voc, Imp, Vmp, Pmax by Fax or E-mail to DISTRIBUTOR.

Within 5 working days after receiving the shipping
documents from the PRINCIPAL's shipping forwarder, the PRINCIPAL has to fax or e-mail or courier one copy of the Bill of Lading
and one copy of the Commercial Invoice to the DISTRIBUTOR. The number of the documents and their contents shall be complete and
correct. If the DISTRIBUTOR fails to pass the customs and to take over the Products in time due to the PRINCIPAL not having provided
the documents as specified above, all losses caused by the PRINCIPAL's fault shall be borne by the PRINCIPAL.

6 

(Chinese translation has been omitted) 

IX. Shipments 

C.I.F. USA port (Incoterms 2000).

Unless otherwise agreed in writing between
the Parties, Cost Insurance and Freight Incoterms 2000 shall apply to this Contract. If there is any conflict between such Incoterms
and the terms of this Contract then the terms of this Contract shall prevail.

The particulars of the shipment including the
name of the vessel, date, quantity and value of shipment are to be e-mailed or faxed to the DISTRIBUTOR within 2 working days after
such information received from the PRINCIPAL's shipping forwarder so that the DISTRIBUTOR can arrange for the Customs Clearance.

X. Warranties 

PRINCIPAL's warranties :

1. 
The PRINCIPAL guarantees that the products shall be made of qualified materials with first
class workmanship, that they shall be brand new and unused and that they shall comply in all respects with the quality and specification
stipulated in this Contract including its attachments and that they shall be in conformity with the relevant technical data. 

7 

(Chinese translation has been omitted) 

2. The PRINCIPAL guarantees that the Modules
are manufactured according to UL 1703 standards.

3. Furthermore, the PRINCIPAL shall issue a
written warranty for his products with the following content:

(1) 
A Product Quality Warranty stating that the Products shall be free from defects in material
and workmanship for Five years. If, within 60 months counting from the date of receipt of the Product at destination, damages or
defects occur in the course of operation because of inferior quality, bad workmanship or the use of inferior materials in the manufacturing
process, the PRINCIPAL shall, upon notice by the DISTRIBUTOR with authentic and sufficient evidence, immediately repair, replace,
or make adjustments to the default products. 

(2) 
A Power Performance Warranty stating that the power degradation of the Products' originally
rated power as determined under Standard Test Conditions (1000W/m2, 25'C cell temperature, AM=1.5) shall not be greater than 10%
within 10 years and 20% within 25 years, 10%, 25, 20%. 

4. This warranty shall lead to the consequence
that:

(1) if, within 60 months
counting from the date of receipt of the Product at destination, damages or defects occur in the course of Operation because of
inferior quality, bad workmanship or the use of inferior materials in the manufacturing process, the PRINCIPAL shall, upon notice
by the DISTRIBUTOR with authentic and sufficient evidence, immediately repair, replace the defective Products. Costs for transportation
of the default and replacing modules and installation costs shall be borne by the PRINCIPAL.

(2) if it is determined
that under Standard Test Conditions (STC, 1000 W/m2, 25ºC, AM=1.5) Products supplied by the PRINCIPAL to the DISTRIBUTOR do
not meet the warranted percentage of its specified power output during the warranty term, the PRINCIPAL shall execute the remedy
as stipulated in its warranty statement.

8 

(Chinese translation has been omitted) 

5. Warranties shall not cover damages, malfunctions
or service failures caused by:

- Errors made during installation, operation
or maintenance,

- Abuse or misuse,

- Actions of third parties and other events
or accidents outside the reasonable control and not arising under normal operating conditions.

Where inspection of the defective product indicates
with sufficient evidence of improper installation, operation or maintenance, the DISTRIBUTOR shall reimburse PRINCIPAL its costs
for the replacement or repaired the Product including costs of examination.

DISTRIBUTOR'S Warranties :

1. DISTRIBUTOR guarantees that it will actively
and diligently promote the sale of the Products in USA during the Term of this Contract. The PRINCIPAL should make effort to refer
sales leads in the States of Nevada, Texas and Arizona less than one MW in size to the distributor and consult the distributor
for sales leads larger than one MW. The PRINCIPAL should refer to DISTRIBUTOR inquiries in the States of Nevada, Texas and Arizona
less than one MW in size.

2. DISTRIBUTOR warrants that it will undertake
to orders for the Products during the effective period of this Contract for not less than 3, 000,000 Watts.

9 

(Chinese translation has been omitted) 

3. DISTRIBUTOR warrants that it will promote
in USA the PRINCIPAL's brand names and the Products during the Term hereof. DISTRIBUTOR agrees to notify PRINCIPAL of any leads
of interest granted for any Product.

4. The DISTRIBUTOR guarantees that:

i. It shall not conduct
any reverse engineering activities upon the Products and shall be liable for any infringement in relevant to any Intellectual Property
Right owned by the PRINCIPAL thereof.

ii. It shall take full
responsibility to paste any trademark, mark, slogan, company name or whatever any other mark upon the Products except those of
the PRINCIPAL's. And the PRINCIPAL should be exempted from any disputes relating to aforesaid marks.

XI. Effective Date, Duration, Termination 

1. This Contract shall come into effect after
both Parties have signed it ("Effective date"). and shall initially remain in effect until December 31st, 2010 ("Expiration
Date. This Contract shall be extended upon expiration for another calendar year unless DISTRIBUTOR does not meet the minimum distribution
goals as defined in Exhibit I ("Minimum Turnover"), or the two parties cannot agree on the minimum distribution goals
for the next year, or previously terminated by either party for any other reason upon not less than thirty (30) calendar days prior
written notice to the other party, with a six (6) month probation, or the Parties agree on an extension prior to the Expiration
Date.

10 

(Chinese translation has been omitted) 

2. If the DISTRIBUTOR becomes insolvent or
bankrupt or breaches a provision of this Contract and does not commence to remedy such breach within thirty (30) calendar days
of written notice by the PRINCIPAL, the PRINCIPAL may terminate this Contract in whole or in part effective thirty (30) calendar
days after said notice was given. If the PRINCIPAL becomes bankrupt or insolvent or breaches a material provision hereof and does
not commence to remedy such breach within thirty (30) calendar days of being given written notice by the DISTRIBUTOR, the DISTRIBUTOR
may terminate this Contract in whole or in part effective thirty (30) calendar days after such notice was given,

3. In regard to any orders already been made
by DISTRIBUTOR before the expiration or termination of this Contract, this Contract shall fully remain in effect beyond the respective
expiration or termination date. The foregoing shall not apply, if this Contract is terminated by PRINCIPAL due to DISTRIBUTOR's
bankruptcy or insolvency. However, PRINCIPAL should be listed in the No. 1 position of DISTRIBUTOR's liquidation to make up PRINCIPAL's
loss brought by contract termination between two parties.

11 

(Chinese translation has been omitted) 

XII. Claims 

1. Within 15 days after the arrival of the
Products at final CIF Port destination should the specification, quantity or appearance of the modules be found, not to be in conformity
with the stipulations of this Contract, except for those claims for which the insurance company or the owners of the vessel are
liable, the DISTRIBUTOR shall, based on the Inspection Certificate issued by an office of the Authorized Administration of Import
and Export Commodities Inspection of the importing country, negotiate with PRINCIPAL to either claim replacement with new Products
(in case of total failure), or financial compensation limited to the cost of the Products in question.

3. The PRINCIPAL, upon verification of the
DISTRIBUTOR's claim, shall be responsible for complete or partial replacement of the commodity or shall devaluate the Products
according to the state of defects.

4. The PRINCIPAL shall not be held responsible
for the delay in shipment or non-delivery of the Products, or for failure to manufacture, deliver or perform due to the acts of
the DISTRIBUTOR including failure of the DISTRIBUTOR to supply to the PRINCIPAL in a timely manner with all necessary information,
required sample parts or other specified items required by PRINCIPAL to design, manufacture and test the Product.

12 

(Chinese translation has been omitted) 

XIII. Force Majeure 

The PRINCIPAL shall not be held responsible
for the delay in shipment or non-delivery of the due to Force Majeure, such as war, severe fire, flood, typhoon, earthquake, labour
strike or riots which might occur during the process of manufacturing or in the course of transportation, loading or transit, or
such Force Majeure at any key suppliers of the PRINCIPAL; The PRINCIPAL shall inform the DISTRIBUTOR immediately of the occurrence
of an instant mentioned above and within fifteen days thereafter, the PRINCIPAL shall send by fax or e-mail or courier to the DISTRIBUTOR
for their acceptance a certificate of the accident issued by the relevant government authority where the incident occurred as evidence
thereof. Under such circumstances, the PRINCIPAL, however, shall still be under the obligation of taking all necessary measures
to hasten the delivery of the Products.

XIV. Choice-of-Law Clause 

All matters relevant to this Contract shall
be governed by and interpreted in accordance with the laws of the State of California and of the United States without giving effect
to the doctrine of conflict of laws.

XV. Taxes and Duties 

All taxes and duties in connection with the
execution of this Contract shall be paid as follows:

1. Charged by the Chinese
government or bank shall be borne by the PRINCIPAL.

2. Charged by the government
or bank of the importing country shall be borne by the DISTRIBUTOR.

13 

(Chinese translation has been omitted) 

XVI. PRINCIPAL Standard Warranty Statement
and Conditions of Sales 

PRINCIPAL standard warranty statement and conditions
of sales should apply to any issues not specifically covered by this Contract.

XVII. Entire Contract and Amendments 

1. In respect of the this Contract and without
consideration of the subsequent purchase order or conditions of sale for each separate sale, this Contract including EXHIBIT I
shall constitute an integral part of the entire Contract between the Parties with regard to its subject matter. This Contract shall
supersede all other prior oral or written Contracts between the Parties hereto.

2. Any amendments to, or modifications of this
Contract shall become effective only when in writing and signed by the Parties.

3. Headings of this Contract are only for the
purpose of reference, and have no influence to the interpretation of this Contract.

XVIII. Severability Clause 

In the event any provision of this Contract
proves unenforceable or invalid for whatever reason, the remaining provisions of this Contract shall be unaffected by such holding,
but remain in full force and effect.

IN WITNESS THEREOF, this Contract is made in
English and signed by both Parties in two original copies, each Party holds one copy. This Contract is effective from the date
both Parties have signed.

14 

(Chinese translation has been omitted) 

XIX. Others. 

Parties should communicate and exchange
customer info per month.

/s/
CEEG SST. 

Location, Date, Stamp and Signature of CEEG SST. 

/s/
Sunvalley Solar, Inc. 

Location, Date, Stamp and Signature of Sunvalley Solar, Inc 

15 

(Chinese translation has been omitted) 

Exhibit I 

Minimum Turnover; 

Not less than 3, 000,000 Watts per year during
the effective period of this Contract.