Exhibit 10.10 

SUPPLY
AGREEMENT 

On the date of
signature this Supply Agreement has been entered into by 

XTENT Inc.

125 Constitution Drive

Menlo Park, CA 94025

USA

hereinafter referred to as “ XTENT ” 

and by 

Fortimedix B.V.

Horselstraat 1

6361 HC Nuth

The Netherlands

hereinafter referred to as “ Fortimedix ” 

1. Purpose 

As XTENT is a manufacturer of medical devices and
wishes to purchase certain products manufactured by Fortimedix pursuant to XTENT’s
designs and specifications (“Products”) for use in or with XTENT’s devices,
this Agreement describes all contractual aspects of the specification,
ordering, manufacturing, pricing and payment of the Products as the parties
deem necessary in association with Fortimedix’s supply of Products to XTENT. 

2. Products 

The Products supplied by Fortimedix to XTENT are
listed and specified in Appendix 1, which forms an integral part of this Agreement. 

3. Validity 

This Agreement is valid for an initial period of three
(3) years from the date of March 18, 2007 (Validity Period), subject to Section
5 hereof. The Agreement can be cancelled with effect at the end of the Validity
Period by either party through written notice at least six (6) months prior to
the end of the Validity Period. If no such notice has been given by either
party, the Validity Period will be automatically extended by one year. The
Validity Period will be automatically extended for an additional one-year
period at the end of such one year extension and each year thereafter as long
as neither party gives the aforementioned six-month cancellation notice. 

XTENT may terminate this
Agreement by written notice prior to the end of the Validity Period if
Fortimedix fails to deliver, pursuant to XTENT’s specifications (as set forth
in Section 14) and delivery schedules, at least 90% of XTENT’s ordered quantity
of Products specified in any three orders (consecutive or not consecutive)
within any six-month period, Fortimedix fails to cure such failure within fourteen
(14) days of receiving written notice from XTENT, and such failure is not
attributable to any action or inaction of XTENT in violation of this Agreement. 

Both parties are entitled
to terminate this Agreement by written notice prior to the end of the Validity
Period with immediate effect: 

a) In
the event of a material default on the part of the other party, provided that notice
of default is given in writing, including specific charges of default and
requirements to cure, and the party receiving the notice of default fails to
cure within ninety (90) days from its receipt of such notice.

b) In
the event of bankruptcy or liquidation on the part of the other party.

c) In the event of
dissolution on the part of the other party.

4. Quantities 

Fortimedix will build production capacity for a monthly
volume of [*] units of the Products by the end of 2007 and will keep this
capacity available for supply to XTENT. No later than January 

Fortimedix initials ____ 

XTENT initials ____ 

Certain Confidential Information contained in this
document, marked by “[*],” has been omitted and filed separately with the
securities and exchange commission pursuant to rule 406 of the securities act
of 1933, as amended. 

1 

31, 2008, the parties shall agree upon any further
production capacity to be added by Fortimedix by the end of 2008, which shall
be no less than that capacity needed to deliver any Minimum Quantity agreed to
for the year 2009 as set forth below. 

5. Minimum Orders 

XTENT shall order from Fortimedix a minimum of [*]
units in 2007, [*] units in 2008 and a minimum quantity of units in 2009 to be
agreed upon as set forth below (“Minimum Quantity”), unless this Agreement is
terminated prior to the relevant year. On or after December 1, 2007, the
parties shall negotiate in good faith to agree upon the Minimum Quantity for
2009. The parties presently intend to agree upon a Minimum Quantity for 2009
which is no less than that for 2008, provided the parties are satisfied with
the relationship and XTENT remains on schedule to receive regulatory approvals
in the US and Europe; however, notwithstanding the foregoing, the parties
understand that nothing in this Agreement binds either party to any Minimum
Quantity for 2009 unless agreed to in writing by both parties on or after
December 1, 2007. If the parties cannot reach agreement for such Minimum
Quantity by January 31, 2008, Fortimedix may (i) give written notice of its
intent to terminate the Agreement at the end of 2008; or (ii) continue with the
Agreement with no Minimum Quantity requirement for 2009. 

In the event that XTENT fails to receive approval for
an Interventional Device Exemption (IDE) by the US Food and Drug Administration
by December 31, 2007, the Minimum Quantity for 2008 shall not apply until such
time as XTENT receives IDE approval, and the Minimum Quantity for 2008 will
then apply to the year beginning on the date of such approval, and any Minimum
Quantity agreed-to for 2009 will apply to the year beginning one year and one
day from such approval. The Validity Period
set forth in Section 3 shall be extended as necessary to carry out the
foregoing. 

No later than January 31st of each of 2008, 2009 and 2010,
Fortimedix will supply XTENT with an accounting of quantities of Products
ordered and delivered during the preceding calendar year. If both the quantity ordered
by XTENT and the quantity delivered by Fortimedix are lower than the Minimum
Quantity for the applicable year, Fortimedix shall notify XTENT in writing of
the difference. Within thirty (30) days of receiving such notice, XTENT shall
issue a purchase order for the difference between the quantity ordered for the
calendar year and the applicable Minimum Quantity. Upon delivery of the quantity
ordered, Fortimedix will invoice XTENT for such quantity, and payment of the invoiced
amount would become due within 30 days from the date of invoicing. 

After the first three years of the Validity Period, if
the Validity Period is extended, no minimum order will be required. 

6. Collaborative
Planning 

XTENT will provide Fortimedix with a three-month
rolling forecast of Product volumes to be delivered. The forecast will be
issued before the end of the first week of each month and the volumes indicated
for that month are to be considered as a firm order, whereas the quantities
indicated for the second month are a forecast within a band of 10% more or less
and the quantities indicated for the third month are a forecast within a band
of 20% more or less. XTENT will inform Fortimedix promptly about any forecast
changes and Fortimedix will inform XTENT promptly about any possible capacity
constraints. 

7. Specifications,
Protocols, and Processes and Change of Specifications, Protocols, and Processes 

Fortimedix shall
manufacture Products in accordance with the Specifications set forth in
Appendix 1. If Fortimedix finds it necessary or desirable to change any
specifications, protocols, or processes, Fortimedix shall give XTENT notice and
not implement any such change without XTENT’s consent. Such consent, as well as
the scope of the changes, shall be documented and obtained prior to
implementation of identified changes. If XTENT similarly finds it necessary or
desirable to change any Specification or protocols, then it will so notify
Fortimedix and Fortimedix will use reasonable efforts to effect such change. If
any change requested by XTENT will increase or decrease Fortimedix’s cost of
the Product, before effectuating such change, XTENT and Fortimedix shall agree
to change the price on Appendix 2 hereto pursuant to good faith 

Certain
Confidential Information contained in this document, marked by “[*],” has been
omitted and filed separately with the securities and exchange commission
pursuant to rule 406 of the securities act of 1933, as amended. 

2 

negotiations it being the
intent hereof that the revised price change be proportionate to the change in
Fortimedix’s costs associated with the change requested in the Specification.
To facilitate effectuation of this section, Fortimedix will provide to XTENT
such information as is necessary for XTENT to evaluate and confirm all cost changes. 

8. Exclusivity 

Fortimedix shall not
develop, manufacture, sell, advise or supply any other form of assistance
concerning products in the XTENT Field as hereinafter defined for third parties
other than those agreed upon by XTENT. The “XTENT Field” shall mean [*]. 

9. Manufacturing Lead
Times 

Fortimedix guarantees the ex-works delivery of Products
in 21 days from the date of receipt of XTENT’s purchase order. Fortimedix will
make all reasonable efforts to facilitate less than standard lead time orders and
will promptly confirm XTENT all delivery dates of less than the standard lead
time. 

Fortimedix’s obligations hereunder, shall be excused
by strikes, riots, war, invasion, acts of God, fire, explosion, floods, delay
of common carrier, acts of government agencies or instrumentalities, or judicial
action to the extent such government or judicial action is not resulting from
Fortimedix’s negligence, wilful wrongdoing or other action in breach of this
Agreement. 

10. Traceability, Audits, and
Quality System 

Fortimedix will provide XTENT with traceability
records of the Products in accordance with XTENT’s quality procedures. XTENT or
any regulatory body associated with approval of XTENT’s products shall have the
right to audit Fortimedix facility with thirty (30) days advance written
notice. Fortimedix agrees to respond to any audit observations within thirty
(30) days after written notification of the audit observation. 

Fortimedix agrees to maintain a Quality System
sufficient to manufacture Products meeting XTENT specifications as well as any
applicable regulatory requirements. Fortimedix agrees to notify XTENT in
writing of planned significant changes to the Quality System prior to
implementation of the changes. 

11. Packing 

All Products shall be
suitable packed and shipped to XTENT by Fortimedix in the manner specified by XTENT.
If packing is not specified, the Product shall be packed in a commercially
reasonable manner. 

12. Delivery
Terms 

Fortimedix shall deliver
the Products on an Ex-Works basis (Incoterms 2000). XTENT will instruct
Fortimedix which carriers to use for XTENT’s risk and expense. XTENT is
responsible for the insurance of the Product as of the moment that they have
been handed over to the first carrier on Fortimedix’s premises. 

13. Price
and Payment Terms 

All orders for Products
hereunder shall be subject to XTENT’s standard Purchase Order Terms and
Conditions, which are attached hereto as Appendix 3 and shall form part of this
Agreement. In the event of a conflict
between the terms of the Purchase Order Terms and Conditions and the provisions
of this Agreement, the provisions of this Agreement shall prevail. Prices of
the Product are specified in Appendix 2. These prices are valid throughout the
duration of this Supply Agreement. Fortimedix will assume full responsibility
for offsetting the effects of possible cost inflation. Fortimedix agrees that
the price charged for the Products shall be [*]. 

Certain
Confidential Information contained in this document, marked by “[*],” has been
omitted and filed separately with the securities and exchange commission
pursuant to rule 406 of the securities act of 1933, as amended. 

3 

[*]. All credit notes are
immediately deductible from any outstanding payments. Fortimedix shall invoice XTENT
only upon shipment Ex-Works Fortimedix’s facility. 

If XTENT is in delay of
payment for more than 30 days, Fortimedix is allowed to charge an interest fee
equal to the 3-months European Interbank Offered Rate (EURIBOR) plus
2,0%-points. If XTENT is in delay of payment for more than 60 days or if
Fortimedix in its sole discretion finds reasons to believe that XTENT’s ability
to pay is severely impaired, it may suspend deliveries until late payment has
been remedied or the ability to pay has been demonstrated, without such
suspension of delivery being a breach of contract. 

14. Right
of Return 

Products found not to be
in accordance with the quality and control requirements, as set forth in the
Specifications as per Appendix 1 will be returned to Fortimedix with a notice
from XTENT identifying and specifying, in reasonable detail, the Products
rejected and the reasons for rejection. Unless Fortimedix’s inspections provide
firm evidence that the Products were in accordance with the quality and control
requirement, XTENT will be credited for the full payments related to those
non-compliant Products. In the event of disagreement between the parties as to
whether any delivered Products meet XTENT’s specifications, each party shall
designate an independent third party expert to inspect such Products and mutually
decide the issue. If such experts are unable to reach agreement, the matter
shall be referred to arbitration pursuant to Section 23. 

15. Warranties 

a) Fortimedix
represents and warrants that all of the Products delivered to XTENT under this
Agreement will comply with the Specifications as per Appendix 1 and that the Products
will be free from any defects in product and workmanship. This is the sole and
exclusive warranty given by Fortimedix with respect to the Product. Fortimedix
makes no other warranty and hereby expressly disclaims all other representation
or warranties of any kind, express or implied. No implied warranty of
merchantability, no implied warranty of fitness for any particular purpose, and
no implied warranty arising by usage of trade, course of dealing or course of
performance is made by Fortimedix.

b) XTENT
shall not be liable for, and Fortimedix assumes responsibility for and agrees
to indemnify and hold harmless XTENT from, all personal injury and property
damages that occur during Fortimedix’s products formulation, fabrication, or
manufacturing process or for claims based on violations of federal, state or
local laws or regulations applicable to employee or environmental protection,
in connection with such manufacturing process (e.g., a claim based on
Fortimedix’s violations of environmental standards or standards dealing with
providing a safe place to work or the maintenance of hazardous products).

c) Fortimedix
represents and warrants to XTENT that it has not entered into any agreement,
which conflicts with the terms of this Agreement, and that it will not do so
during the duration of this Agreement.

d) XTENT shall
indemnify and hold harmless Fortimedix, and agrees to defend any action or
claim against XTENT for patent infringement or infringement of any other
intellectual property right as a result of the use of the Product except to the
extent such action or claim arises out of the alleged infringement by
Fortimedix of patents or other intellectual property rights related to
manufacturing processes or equipment used by Fortimedix for the manufacture of Products
for XTENT.

e) XTENT
agrees to indemnify and hold harmless Fortimedix, its officers, agents,
employees and authorized representatives from and against any and all costs or
damages arising out of or related to any claim or lawsuit for personal injury
or death to any person as a result of a defect 

Certain
Confidential Information contained in this document, marked by “[*],” has been
omitted and filed separately with the securities and exchange commission
pursuant to rule 406 of the securities act of 1933, as amended. 

4 

or malfunction of
any XTENT medical device in which Fortimedix’s Product is used, as long as the
Fortimedix Product was manufactured within established Specifications and was
free from defects in product and workmanship when received by XTENT. XTENT will
defend, manage and assume all costs of any lawsuit or claim related to this
indemnification. Fortimedix will notify XTENT promptly after Fortimedix becomes
aware of any claim by any third party with respect to which Fortimedix would be
entitled to indemnification hereunder. Fortimedix will not settle or offer to
settle any such claim or lawsuit without XTENT’s prior written approval. 

f) In
no event shall either party hereto be liable to the other for any
consequential, indirect, incidental, exemplary or special damages of any kind,
including loss of profit and/or revenue.

16. Proprietary
Rights 

a) No
license under any intellectual property of Fortimedix, including patents and
trade secrets, is granted herein.

b) XTENT
is the owner of all intellectual property rights with regard to the Products,
including patents and trade secrets. No license under any intellectual property
of XTENT, including patents and trade secrets, is granted herein.

c) Any
inventions by a party hereto (First Party) which are derived from the Confidential
Information of the other party (Second Party) shall be owned by the Second Party,
and the First Party agrees to assign such invention to the Second Party,
execute any documents, and perform such other acts as may be necessary or
useful to perfect the Second Party’s ownership thereof. Confidential Information shall mean all
information relating to the technology, products, services, personnel,
customers, or business of the Second Party which is received directly or
indirectly by the First Party unless such information (i) is in the public
domain not due to any act of the First Party; (ii) was received from a third
party not under any obligation to the Second Party to maintain such information
in confidence; or (iii) is developed independently by employees or agents of
the First Party who do not have access to or knowledge of the Confidential
Information of the Second Party.

d) Any
inventions by Fortimedix in the XTENT Field (as defined in Section 8) during
the term of this Agreement shall be owned by XTENT, and Fortimedix agrees to
assign any such inventions to XTENT, execute any documents, and perform such
other acts as may be necessary or useful to perfect XTENT’s ownership
thereof. For purposes of clarity, the XTENT
Field shall not include stent cutting or polishing methods, processes, or
machinery.

17. Replacement
of Prior Agreements 

This Agreement contains
the entire understanding of the parties with respect to the supply of the Products
during the term of this Agreement and voids and supersedes all prior
negotiations, contracts, agreements, undertakings and understandings, whether
written or oral, if any, between the parties. This Agreement may from time to
time be changed but only by an instrument in writing, signed by both parties,
which specifically states that it is an amendment hereto. 

18. Non-Compliance
of Other Documents with Supply Agreement 

Sales of Products
hereafter shall be governed by this Agreement and such other documents normally
used by the parties for such transactions including, but not limited to,
purchase orders, confirmations, shipping documents and invoices provided,
however, that if the terms and provisions of any such document or other
communication from one party to the other respecting this Agreement or the Products
hereunder are in conflict with this Agreement, this Agreement shall be deemed
controlling. 

19. Independence
of Parties 

Nothing contained in this
Agreement shall be deemed to create a joint venture, partnership, agency or
similar endeavour between the parties hereto. Each party shall act solely as an
independent contractor and neither part shall have any power or authority to
directly or indirectly bind or act on behalf of the other. 

20. Assignment 

This Agreement may not be
assigned by any party, without the prior written consent of the other 

5 

party, except to (1) a
direct or indirect wholly-owned subsidiary, (2) any third party who shall
acquire, by sale of assets or otherwise (including merger), all or
substantially all of the assets or a controlling share of the stock of such
party or (3) any entity 50.5% or more of the equity interest in which are owned
by shareholders of such party. No such assignment shall relieve the assigning
party of its obligations hereunder. This Agreement shall be binding upon any
permitted assignee or successor in interest of either party; provided, however,
that any successor in interest of XTENT, whether by acquisition, merger or
otherwise, may terminate this Agreement by providing written notice to
Fortimedix and payment of the amount which would be due for delivery of the
greater of the undelivered quantity of any then-current 3-month forecast or the
undelivered portion of the total of any Minimum Quantities agreed to for such
year and any subsequent years of the Validity Period, if any. 

21. Partial
Invalidity of Agreement 

If any provision of this
Agreement is held by any competent authority to be invalid or unenforceable in
whole or in part, the validity of the other provisions of this Agreement and
the remainder of the provisions in question shall not be affected thereby. 

22. Changes 

Change proposals or
changes subjected to the Agreement have to be studied before changes can be
executed. All changes requested by XTENT or Fortimedix must be mutually agreed
upon before such changes are implemented by one of the parties. All notices,
requests, proposals or other communication required or permitted to be given
under this Agreement shall be in writing. Any notice given as aforesaid shall
be deemed given and effective upon actual delivery. Any party may change its
address by notice given in accordance herewith. 

23. Dispute
Resolution 

The Parties agree that
any dispute arising under this Agreement, or in connection with any breach
thereof, shall be finally resolved through binding arbitration conducted in
accordance with the arbitration rules and procedures of the International
Chamber of Commerce by one (1) arbitrator appointed in accordance with said
rules. Any such arbitration shall be
held in London, United Kindom. The arbitrator shall determine what discovery
will be permitted, consistent with the goal of limiting the cost and time which
the Parties must expend for discovery; provided the arbitrator shall permit
such discovery as the arbitrator deems necessary to permit an equitable
resolution of the dispute. Any written
evidence originally in a language other than English shall be submitted in
English translation accompanied by the original or a true copy thereof. The costs of the arbitration, including
administrative and arbitrators’ fees, shall be shared equally by the Parties,
and each Party shall bear its own costs and attorneys’ and witness’ fees
incurred in connection with the arbitration. 
Any award may be entered in a court of competent jurisdiction for a
judicial recognition of the decision and applicable orders of enforcement. 

24. Counterpart
copies 

This Agreement may be
signed in one or more counterpart copies all of which together shall constitute
one Agreement and each of which may equally evidence this Agreement. 

25. Governing
Law, Language 

This Agreement shall be
construed and interpreted under and in accordance with the laws of The
Netherlands. The official text of this Agreement shall be in English. Should
the parties sign or execute a version of this Agreement in another language,
any interpretation or construction thereof shall be based solely on the English
language text. 

6 

In
witness of all the above, parties hereto have caused this Agreement to be
executed as of the day and year first written above. 

For and on behalf of Fortimedix
B.V. 

For and on behalf of XTENT
Inc. 

For and on behalf of Fortimedix B.V. 

For and on behalf of XTENT Inc. 

Name: 

MARC VAN DE GRAAF 

Name: 

HENRY A. PLAIN, JR. 

Title: 

CEO 

Title: 

Chairman 

Date: 

03 April 2007 

Date: 

3/27/07 

Signature: 

/s/ MARC VAN DE GRAAF 

Signature: 

/s/ HENRY A. PLAIN, JR.

7 

APPENDIX 1: PRODUCT SPECIFICATIONS 

Position 

Fortimedix

Partnumber 

XTENT Partnumber 

Description 

Specification numbers 

1 

100052 

MS02703 

XTENT coronary
stent 3.5mm MP35N 

118001 &
199014 

2 

100061 

MS03481 

XTENT coronary
stent 3.0mm MP35N 

131001 &
199014 

8 

APPENDIX
2: PRICES 

[*] 

[*] 

[*] 

[*] 

[*] 

[*] 

[*] 

[*] 

[*] 

[*] 

[*] 

[*] 

[*] 

[*] 

[*] 

[*] 

∞ 

[*] 

[*] 

[*] 

[*] 

[*] 

[*] 

Prices are
Ex-Works (Incoterms 2000), excluding taxes and excluding duties. 

Prices for the Products are [*].

The above-mentioned prices are for stents, which are: 

[*]. 

· In compliance with XTENT’s specifications as set forth in Appendix 1 and
any other specifications agreed-to in writing during the term of this Agreement
(including those set forth in any Purchase Order accepted by Fortimedix). 

The above-mentioned prices include [*].

Certain Confidential Information contained in this document, marked by
“[*],” has been omitted and filed separately with the securities and exchange
commission pursuant to rule 406 of the securities act of 1933, as amended. 

9 

APPENDIX 3: XTENT PURCHASE ORDER
TERMS AND CONDITIONS 

SHIPPING INSTRUCTIONS 

1. Tariff Provisions: All shipments shall be made in strict
conformity with governing tariff rules and regulations and packaging
specifications, except where otherwise specifically required by provisions of
this Order. 

2. Routing
Instructions: 

(a) Freight shipments are to be routed via
Order instructions or as authorized by Buyer. 
Seller will request prior routing instructions for delicate equipment or
emergency shipments.

(b ) Freight Charges: Shipments are to be
made “Freight Collect” on FOB source shipments, unless otherwise specified
herein. AIRBORNE shipments are to have freight charges prepaid and added to the
goods invoice. Attach copies of paid freight bills to any invoice that includes
transportation charges.

(c) Insurance: Do not declare any value for
carriage or insurance. Shipments shall
be released to minimum value of governing classification or tariff, or insured
for minimum value for traceability. 

(d) Consolidation: Except where limited by
Clause 2(c), above, consolidate all shipments to the delivery point specified
herein, for any one day, on one bill of lading.

(e) Purchase Order Number(s) must appear on all correspondence; shipping
labels; invoices; and shipping documents, including packing sheets, bills of
lading, and air bills.

3. Hazardous
Material Packaging, Labeling, and Shipping: Seller shall comply with provision 10
below.

PURCHASE ORDER GENERAL PROVISIONS 

1. Warranties: Seller expressly warrants that all items
furnished to Buyer hereunder will be fit and safe for the purpose for which
manufactured and for any particular purpose recommended to Buyer by Seller,
will be free from defects in material and workmanship, will conform to
applicable specifications, drawings, samples and descriptions and, if of Seller’s
design, will be free of design defects. These warranties are in addition to any
other express or implied warranties of Seller with respect to the items, and
shall survive acceptance by Buyer of items and any payment by Buyer with
respect to items. Neither Seller’s shipment of any items ordered hereby nor
payment by Buyer of any invoice from Seller to Buyer therefore shall constitute
Buyer’s acceptance of items ordered hereby or waiver of Seller’s warranties
hereunder. If in Buyer’s reasonable
opinion any item delivered by Seller hereunder is unmerchantable, unfit for its
intended use, or for any particular purpose recommended to Buyer by Seller, or
otherwise defective; then, at any time within ninety (90) days from the date
when such items are received by Buyer, Seller shall at the Seller’s cost,
including, without limitation reasonable field and shutdown costs and any and
all packing, shipment, delivery, and installation costs, promptly repair,
modify, or replace any items. 

2. Changes: By written order, Buyer may from time
to time order work suspension or make changes in drawings, designs,
specifications, quantity, place of delivery, methods of shipment and packaging,
property and services furnished by Buyer. If such change causes an increase or
decrease in the price of this Order or in the time required for its
performance, Seller shall promptly notify Buyer thereof and assert its claim
for adjustment within 10 days after the change is ordered, and an equitable adjustment
shall be made. However, nothing in this provision shall excuse Seller from
proceeding immediately with the Order as changed. Whether made pursuant to this provision or by
mutual agreement changes shall not be binding upon Buyer except when specifically
confirmed in writing by a member of Buyer’s Purchasing Department. Information,
advice, approvals, or instructions given by Buyer’s technical personnel or
other representatives shall be deemed expressions of personal opinions only and
shall not affect Buyer’s and Seller’s right and obligations hereunder unless
set forth in a writing which is signed by a member of Buyer’s Purchasing
Department and which expressly states that is constitutes an amendment to this
Order. Seller is required to notify Buyer immediately upon making any changes
to the Sellers manufacturing process, materials, or handling that could
possibly affect the quality of the material or service when incorporated into a
finished device.

3. Infringement Indemnity: Seller warrants that items furnished hereunder
will not and do not infringe any third party patent, copyright, trademark, or
trade secret. If any claim, action, suit or other proceeding is brought against
Buyer based upon copyright, trademark, patent or proprietary rights of a third
party under the laws of any governmental authority relating to the items, Buyer
will give timely written notice to such claim, action, suit or other proceeding
to Seller. Seller will defend any such
claim, action, suit or other proceeding on behalf of and without expense to
Buyer or Buyer may conduct its own defense which shall be at Seller’s expense
and Seller will indemnify and save Buyer harmless from all losses, costs or
damages, including without limitations reasonable fees for attorneys suffered by
Buyer as a result of any such claim, action, suit or other proceeding. Seller
will, at Seller’s expense (a) use Seller’s best efforts to procure for Buyer or
Buyer’s customers the right to continue selling or using any items or parts
thereof that may be affected by such claim of infringement, or (b) replace the
allegedly infringing items or parts thereof with non-infringing items or modify
such items or parts thereof so that they become non-infringing; provided
however, that such modification shall not materially alter the characteristics,
or affect or increase the cost of use, operation or maintenance of such items. 

4. Proprietary Information, Duplication
and Disclosure: 

(a) Seller shall not use for any purpose,
other than fulfilling Buyer’s Orders, or disclose, without Buyer’s prior
written consent, any tools or other items or any drawings, specifications,
technical information or other data which have been specifically designed for
Buyer in connection with this Order or furnished by Buyer.

(b) Seller agrees that it will not
publicize this Order or disclose, confirm, or deny any details thereof to third
parties, or use Buyer’s name in connection with Seller’s sales promotion or
publicity without prior written approval from Buyer.

5. Default: 
Buyer may terminate this Order for Seller’s default, if Seller becomes
insolvent, fails to pay it’s debts as they become due, or makes or proposes an
assignment for the benefit of creditors. 

6. Force Majeure: Neither Buyer nor Seller shall be liable
in damages for, nor shall this Purchase Order be terminable or cancelable by
reason of, any delay or default in either party’s performance hereunder if such
default or delay is caused by events beyond such party’s reasonable control
including but not limited to, acts of God, action of any government or agency
thereof, war or insurrection, civil commotion, destruction of facilities or
materials by earthquake, fire, flood or storm, labor disturbances, epidemic, or
failure of suppliers, public utilities or common carriers. The party so
affected shall give prompt notice to the other party of such cause and shall
take whatever reasonable steps are necessary to relieve the effect of such
cause as rapidly as possible. Both parties agree to endeavor to resume
performance of all obligations under this Purchase Order as soon as practical
if such performance is delayed or interrupted by reason of force majeure.

7. Assignments and Subcontracting: 

(a) Neither this Order nor any interest
herein nor claim hereunder may be assigned or delegated by Seller; nor may all
or substantially all of this Order be further subcontracted by Seller without
the prior written consent of Buyer. Buyer’s consent shall not be deemed to
relieve Seller of its obligations to comply fully with the requirements hereof.

(b) Notwithstanding the above, Seller may
without Buyer’s consent assign monies due and to become due hereunder provided
Buyer shall continue to have the right to exercise and all of its rights under,
settle any and all claims arising out of and enter into amendments to this
Order, without notice to or consent of the assignee. Buyer shall be given
notice of the assignment; all invoices shall refer to the assignment.

8. Invoices: 

(a) Invoices in duplicate shall be mailed
to Buyer’s Accounts Payable Department when items are shipped. The time for
payment shall not commence before Buyer’s actual or scheduled receipt,
whichever is later of items at their destination or before performance by
Seller in accordance with the requirements of this Order. Without limiting
Buyer’s other remedies, if data is deficient or is not furnished when
scheduled. Buyer may withhold remaining payments (or such portion thereof as
Buyer may deem equitable) until such deficiency or delinquency is cured. All
shipping costs and all federal

10 

manufacturers’
and retailers’ excise and state or local sales or use taxes, when applicable,
must be billed as separate items on Seller’s invoices. And all tax exemption
certificates shall be accepted by Seller. 

(b) In addition to any other remedies that
may be available in law or in equity, Buyer shall have the right to recover
from Seller by offset or otherwise the price of any items returned to Seller
under the terms of this Order.

9. Buyer’s Representatives: Buyer’s employees are functioning in a representative
capacity for Buyer with respect to any actions taken in connection with this
Purchase Order and may not be held personally liable by Seller for such
actions.

10. Hazardous Material Packaging,
Labeling, and Shipping: Seller shall package label, transport, and ship hazardous materials or
items containing hazardous materials in accordance with all applicable Federal,
State and Local laws and regulations, including but not limited to current
published issues of tariffs and regulations reflecting 49 Code of Federal
Regulation Articles 100-199, the Explosive Safety Manual AFM 127-100 and
Federal Aviation Regulation 103, as amended (e.g., the current Hazardous
materials Regulations of the Department of Transportation; the Official Air
Transport Restricted Articles Tariff; and subsequent reissues thereof) and
furnish appropriate Material Safety Data Sheets in accordance with California
Hazardous Substances Information and Training Act. Seller prior to each
hazardous material shipment, shall notify Buyer of its nature and shipment data
by such means of communication as will allow for proper preparation for
acceptance of delivery by the carrier of the material and shall identify same
on all shipping documents.

11. Cancellation: Buyer may cancel this Purchase Order with
30 days written notice to Seller. Buyer and Seller will negotiate a reasonable
cancellation fee to be paid by Buyer, such fee including such Seller expenses
as costs for specialty raw materials procured in advance by Seller for Buyer
for this Purchase Order, goods in progress and finished goods on hand. Such
cancellation fee will not include any penalty for cancellations.

12. Disputes: Irrespective of the place of performance,
this Order will be construed and interpreted according to the laws of the state
of California without resort to California’s Conflicts of Laws rules. Pending
final resolution of a dispute hereunder, the seller shall proceed diligently
with the performance of this Order and in accordance with the Buyer’s decision.
Venue for any legal proceedings between Buyer and Seller shall be in the state
or federal judicial district closest to Menlo Park, California.

13. General: This order and the attachments and
documents incorporated herein constitute the complete and exclusive statements
of the terms of this agreement between Buyer and Seller and supersede all prior
representations, understandings, and communications relating hereto. The
invalidity in whole or in part of any provision of this Order shall not affect
the validity of other provisions. Buyer’s failure to insist, in any one or more
instances, upon the performance of any term of Order shall not be construed as
a waiver or relinquishment of Buyer’s right to such performance or to future
performance of such a term or terms and Seller’s obligation in respect thereto
shall continue in full force and effect. Time shall be of the essence
hereunder. Seller shall perform work and make deliveries no earlier than and
only to the minimum extent consistent with delivery schedules and other
requirements.

14. Precedence : Conflicting provisions hereof, if any shall prevail in the following
descending order of precedence: (1) typed provision set forth on this Order,
(2) Buyer’s Purchase Order Attachments, (3) the preprinted portion of this Order,
including these Purchase Order General Provisions, 4) statement of work, and
(5) specifications attached or incorporated by reference.

Rev. 6/06-SF 

11